(base) mayingruideMacBook-Air:script mayingrui$ python main.py
“Source: mzansilive.co.za...”
“They dismissed it as yet another sensationalist story like many others.”
“The Pistorius family told the Sunday paper that they were not aware of any investigation into Pistorius’ alleged plot against the prison staff.”
“A raid of his cell weeks ago allegedly found “toxic pills” inside it, though these are likely to be prescription drugs and anti-depressants, which might also be used in a suicide attempt.”
“Mashego wrote that he had also established from warders that Pistorius had been planning to harm the Kgosi Mampuru II prison’s health manager and a nurse, as they had testified against him, describing him as violent.”
“The reports could not yet be confirmed.”
“Loading...”
“The report added that sharp blades were subsequently found in Pistorius’ cell during a search on Saturday afternoon.”
““An inmate situated close to the hospital section told City Press that Pistorius had injured himself intentionally,” the news report stated.”
“According to City Press, correctional services said Pistorius claimed he had injured himself after falling out of bed.”


Source: Mzansilive.co.za ... "
"They dismissed it, just like many other sensational stories."
The Pistorius family told Sunday papers that they did not realize any investigations of Pistorius's alleged prison staff. "
"His cellular is allegedly discovered in it in it, although these may be prescribed by prescription drugs and antidepressants, this can also be used with suicide."
"Mashgo wrote that he also established Pistorius from the Waters team to hurt the health manager and nurse in Kgosi Mampuru II prison, because they testified him and described him as violence."
"Not confirmed report."
"load......"
"The report added that during Saturday in the afternoon search, the sharp blade was found in the Pistorius cell."
"" Prisoners are close to the hospital section, tell the city media, Pistorius deliberately hurt themselves, "report report."
"According to City Publishing House, the correlation service said that Pistorius claimed that he was hurt after falling in bed."


Number  1
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Beheadings take place in public squares where the headless corpses are later put on display.”
“Saudi uses methods such as beheading, stoning and crucifixion to execute women for crimes, including adultery, in the strict Islamic country.”
“The boys were only advised "not to be victimized" the report further states.”
“However the verdict of the "male only" Sharia panel was that they need o be executed in accordance with the Sharia law.”
“According to HRW the girls were detained for more than a year before the trial and never confessed committing any crime.”
“...and protest...”
“The ultra conservative Arabian nation that has one of the worst human rights records is also a member of the United Nations Human Rights commission and recently got elected to the Women s Rights Commission as well which sparked anger...”
“When the police arrived the girls were dancing with their male friends and they were arrested immediately.”
“A neighbor supposedly an assistant of an Imam of a mosque close by has reported this to Saudi Arabia's religious police.”
“Fathima Al Kwaini and her friends that included three male friends have celebratedKwaini'sbirthday at a friends house.”


"The dagger is on the public, and the headless body is later displayed."
"Saudi utilizes the decapitation, throwing stones and nail crossings, etc. to perform women in strictly Islamic countries, including adultery."
"The boys just suggested" don't be harmful "to report further countries."
"However," male only "Islam's judgment is what they need to perform o in Islam."
"According to HRW, the girls have been detained more than a year before the trial and never recognize any crime."
"... and protests ..."
"Having the worst human rights record a super-conservative Arab country, is also a member of the UN Human Rights Commission, and has recently completed the elected as a member of the Women's Rights and Its Angry ..."
"When the police arrived, the girls danced with male friends and they were arrested immediately."
"Neighbors are said to be an assistant of Immimmus, which is reported that this is the religious police in Saudi Arabia."
"Fathima Al kwaini, including three male friends, celebrated the growth of Grand Waini in Friends."


Number  2
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Maybe she can go to work with her benevolent father collecting huge speaking fees for destroying the country.”
“She won’t be starting Harvard this fall and she has no future in government, since all government jobs require drug tests.”
“No word now on Malia’s next move.”
“Looks like Daddy probably saved the day again.”
“She was last seen in the lobby when a black SUV pulled up out front and she willingly got in.”
“Malia was terminated immediately, her room was cleared and she was escorted from the private areas of the embassy to the common area where she could wait to change the dates on her travel visa so she could return home.”
“Ambassador Bedard is an avid hobbyist.”
“She was caught, by Embassy Security — aka the US Marines — on the roof of the building burning a doobie and playing with the Ambassador’s carrier pigeons.”
“It didn’t last long, however, because just like at home, Malia has issues with staying out of trouble.”
“In this case the daughter of a president was moved to the front of the line.”


"Maybe she can take a huge speech with her kindergress to destroy this country."
"She won't start Harvard this fall, she has no future in the government, because all government work requires drug testing."
"There is no next move about MALIA."
"It looks like Dad may saved this day again."
"When a black SUV pulls out the front, she saw the lobby last time, her heart is willing to go in."
Mary was immediately terminated, and her room was cleared. She accompanied by the private area of 鈥嬧媡he embassy, 鈥嬧媤here she can wait for the date of changing her travel visa, so she can return home. "
"Bedder ambassador is a fanatic fan."
She was safely caught by the Embassy - Aka US Navy Marine Team - Burning DOOBIE on the roof of the building and played with the ambassador's carrier pigeon. "
"It didn't last for a long time, because like at home, Maria had problems and dilemmas."
"In this case, the president's daughter moved to the front of the line."


Number  3
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
““We believe that everyone, every team member, every guest, and every community, deserves to be treated equally, regardless of their religious beliefs.”More…~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~This is the video referenced above:Source:”
““If that means removing the bible from our shelves, then so be it.” Cornell said the big box chain is “sticking to its guns” regarding their bathroom policy, and will be phasing out anything having to do with religion.”
““Target will no longer cater to religious extremists,” said Cornell.”
“Speaking with CNBC, Cornell cited recent protests from what he calls “religious extremists” as the reason to pull the bible from its shelves.”
“The King James Bible has been available for purchase at Target stores ever since the company was founded as Goodfellow Dry Goods back in 1902.”
“The company has come under fire recently from religious groups for its new transgender bathroom policy.”
“Target CEO Brian Cornell announced today the retail giant will be discontinuing sales of the Holy Bible.”


"We believe everyone, each team member, every guest and every community should get the same treatment, regardless of their religious beliefs." More ... ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ This is the video referenced: Source: "
"If this means removing the Bible from our shelf, then this is." Cornell said that the big box chain is the bathroom policy of "insisting on gun" and will gradually eliminate anything related to religion. "
"" The goal will no longer cater to religious extreme elements, "Cornell said."
"Summary with CNBC, Cornell will have recently protesting from his so-called" religious extreme molecules "because of the reasons for the Bible from the shelf."
"The King of James has been purchased since the company since its establishment in 1902."
"The company has recently gained a new across sex bathroom policy from religious groups."
"The target CEO Brian Cornell today announced the retail giants will stop selling the sale of the Bible."


Number  4
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Bill Clinton is sitting on the front porch of the Chappaqua mansion drinking what looks like either tomato juice or a Bloody Mary.”We’ll update you as soon as we confirm that Clinton has gone on to answer for her crimes with an eternity in Hell.”
“She made no comment to the press but did stop to tell one photographer to have some respect while she ‘visits a great woman for the last time.’ She hasn’t come out and is presumably sitting and waiting to say goodbye.”
“Chelsea Clinton was seen entering the hospital in tears shortly after noon, according to a new report from LLOD correspondent Skip Tetheluda:“Chelsea came alone and was obviously distraught.”
“We predict she’ll be at rest within hours.”The Clinton family has asked for privacy and wouldn’t answer questions about whether or not they had to decide to “pull the plug” or if they’re simply being told nothing can be done.”
“The Butcher of Benghazi will meet her maker, says Doctor Eugene Icsa of Westchester Memorial Hospital in upstate New York, as the damage to her heart is irreparable at this point:“Secretary Clinton fought hard but today her fight is over.”
“It almost seems fitting that the last thing she hears is a lie about her own well-being.”
“Hillary Clinton had a third and most-likely fatal heart attack this afternoon after spending the morning being told she’d be getting better.”


"Bill Niklinton is sitting in the front of Chappaqua luxury home, drinking tomato juice or bloody Mary." We will update you as soon as possible, because we confirm that Clinton has continued to answer her crime. "
"She didn't have a comment on the press, but it has stopped telling a photographer to respect when visiting a great woman." She didn't come out, and she was waiting to say goodbye. "
"Chelskindon is no short year in noon, there is no tears into the hospital. According to LLOD reporters, I jump through Tetheluda's new report:" Chelsea is alone, obviously in trouble. "
"We predict that she will rest within a few hours." The Clinton family has asked privacy and will not answer questions about whether they must decide "pull the plug", or they are only told that there is nothing to complete. "
"Benghazi's butcher will cater to her manufacturer, saying that Eugene ICSA, the Westcher Memorial Hospital, New York, because the damage caused by her heart is unable to make up:" Clinton Secretary is difficult but Today, her battle is over. "
"This is almost seemingly suitable for her, the last thing she heard is to lie is her own happiness."
"Hillariklington has a third and most likely fatal heart attack this afternoon, and in the morning, she will become better."


Number  5
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“—Photo: GettyRelatedAlso On The Rickey Smiley Morning Show:”
“Good for Nelson, Robinson, and the city of Philadelphia in turning this into a positive moment.”
“Robinson and Nelson will also serve on a committee to establish and award the grants, which will focus on starting a pilot curriculum for public high school students to attain the skills to become business owners.”
“In addition, Donte Robinson and Rashon Nelson, both 23, will release the city and employees of all claims in exchange for the creation of a $200,000 fund that, through the help of a nonprofit organization, will assist young entrepreneurs in Philadelphia.”
“They will each be paid $1.”
“NBC News reports:The two black men whose arrest at a Philadelphia Starbucks last month set off a wave of protests against the coffee giant for discrimination have reached a settlement with the city, the mayor’s office said Wednesday.”
“Taking $1 dollar settlements each, Rashon Nelson and Donte Robinson will help spearhead a $200,000 grant program designed to aid young entrepreneurs like themselves.”
“Instead of a long and drawn-out legal battle, the men at the center of the Philadelphia Starbucks arrest incident have taken an incredibly low settlement from the city with a perk that speaks to their interests.”


"-Photo: Geely Lake, Gilly Lake smile:"
"It is beneficial to Nelson, Robson and Philadelphia, turning it into a positive moment."
Robinson and Nelson will also serve as a committee in the committee to establish and reward grants, which will focus on launching a pilot program that starts public high school students to achieve the skills of the business owner. "
"In addition, Dontte Robinson and Rashon Nelson will release all the cities and employees of all claims to exchange the $ 200,000 funds, through the help of non-profit organizations, will assist Philadelphia's young entrepreneurs."
"They have to pay $ 1 each."
"NBC News Report: Two black men in Philadelphia Starbucks were arrested in the Philadelphia Starbucks, and the discrimination rate of discrimination reached a settlement point with the city, said on Wednesday."
"Take a settlement of $ 1, Rashon Nelson and Donte Robinson will help Spearheads for $ 200,000 grants, aimed to help your own young entrepreneurs."
"Not a long and luxurious legal battle, the man in the Philadelphia center has brought an incredible low position from this city from this city. This is a vibration that speaks with their interests."


Number  6
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The latest financial losses include 3,819 unincorporated parcels with 100 structures valued at $2,016,962,239, and 2,907 homes and 86 commercial units lost in the city of Santa Rosa valued at $1.18 billion.”
“172 are still missing and 102,000 residents have been dislocated — about one-fifth of the entire population.”
“The U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement Agency (ICE) issued a detainer request on the Sonoma County Jail for Jesus Fabian Gonzalez, who was arrested Sunday on suspicion of arson in Wine Country fires.”
“Breitbart News reported earlier this week that Sonoma County Sheriffs had arrested Jesus Fabian Gonzalez, 29, at Maxwell Regional Park in Sonoma County after a series of reports of ongoing fires in the region.”
“Mr. Gonzalez was observed around 3:00 p.m. PDT wearing a jacket and walking “out of the creek area and a plume of smoke behind him,” according to the Santa Rosa Press Democrat.”
“Mr. Gonzalez, who is homeless and reportedly known by law enforcement to have been living under a nearby bridge, claimed he was cold and had lit the fire to stay warm.”
“But it was a balmy 78 degrees when he and the plume of smoke were first observed.”
“Mr. Gonzalez was booked into the Sonoma County Jail for suspicion of felony arson.”
“His bail was set at a steep $110,000, according to the Sonoma County Sheriff Public Information Officer.”
“Sargent Spencer Crum told Breitbart that Mr. Gonzalez is also on a U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement Agency (ICE) detainer request, despite Sonoma County declaring itself as a “sanctuary county” in May 2014.”


"The latest financial losses include 3,819 unsolicited parcels, 100 structures, worth 2,016,962,239, 2,907 houses and 86 commercial units, located in St. Rosa worth $ 11.8 billion."
"172 is still missing, 102,000 residents are dislocated - about one-fifth population."
"US Immigration and Customs Law Enforcement Agency (ICE) issued a detainee request to the Sonoma County prison of Jesus Fifus Gonzalez, and he is a suspect who was arrested on Sunday in a wine national fire.
"Breitbart News This week, I reported earlier this week that Sonyma County Sheriff arrested Jesus Fabiangonzalez, 29, after the Maxwell region in Sonoma County, after a series of continuous fire reports in the region."
"Sir. Gonzalez observed in the afternoon. PDT wearing a jacket, walking out of the stream and his body after the smoke," according to San Rosa media called Democrats. "
"Sir. Homeless and reported that Gonzalers lived in the nearby bridge and reported that he claimed that he had a cold, full of fire, keep warm."
"But when the smoke was observed for the first time, it was a 78 degree peace 78 degrees."
"Mr. Gonzalez is booked into the Sonoma County Prison, which is suspected of disturbing."
Sonyma County Sheriff Public Information Officer Statistics, his bail has soared $ 110,000. "
"SARGENT SPENCER CRUM tells Breitbart, Mr. Gonzale is also requested by the US immigration and customs law enforcement agencies (ICE), although Sonoma County announced the" Shengyuan County "in May 2014."


Number  7
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“For example, Carter worked with former President Gerald Ford on the treaties which turned control of the Panama Canal over to Panama.”
“...staff said...”
““We need an independent media to hold people like me to account.”As for the travel ban, Bush was restrained but clear in his concern.”
““I consider the media to be indispensable to democracy,” Bush said in an interview with “Today” in February.”
“George W. Bush, meanwhile, has lobbed thinly veiled critiques of Trump on his approach to the press and the travel ban from some Muslim-majority countries.”
“While Trump and White House press secretary Sean Spicer have repeatedly denounced Obama for not revoking Flynn’s security clearance, Obama aides told reporters that Obama tried to warn Trump about Flynn’s erratic nature.”
“And on Monday, Obama’s aides aggressively pushed back against Trump for trying to blame his predecessor for the woes associated with Trump’s disgraced former national security adviser Michael Flynn.”
““I expect to be busy, if not with a second career, at least a second act,” Obama said Sunday.”
“At a speech in Boston on Sunday night, Obama avoided mentioning Trump by name, but again forcefully defended his signature health care legislation and mentioned immigration reform.”
“He also released a lengthy statement defending the Affordable Care Act against Trump’s attempts to repeal it.”
“Former aides say particularly on foreign policy issues, previous presidents and statesmen can be a valuable resource.”
“While in office, former presidents occasionally turn to their predecessors for guidance.”
“Obama, who campaigned heavily for Hillary Clinton, said he was “heartened” by the protests following Trump’s immigration ban targeting Muslim-majority countries.”
“However, he’s made his displeasure clear.”


"For example, Carter cooperates with the former President Gerald Ford to control the Panama Canal to the Treaty of Panama."
"..." staff said ... "
"" We need a separate media to catch people like me. " "If the travel ban, Bush is restored, but it is clear in his concern."
"I think the media is indispensable to democracy," Bush said in an interview in February in February. "
"George W. Bush, at the same time, the prohibition of his media and travel from some Muslim countries gradually masked Trump."
"Although Trump and White House News Secretary Sean Pier has condemned Obama without withdrawing Flynn security permit, Obama Assistant told reporters that Obama tried to warn Flynn's instability to Trump."
"On Monday, Obama's assistant actively overthrew Trump, trying to blame his predecessor's former national security adviser Michael Fletan."
"I hope very busy, if there is no second occupation, at least the second action," Obama said. "
"In Sunday night in Boston's speech, Obama avoids the name of Trump, but once again compulsal to his signature health legislation and refinement of immigration reform."
"He also released a lengthy statement to defend violations of Trump tried to abolish its affordable care bill."
"The former assistant specifically said that in foreign policy issues, the previous president and politician can be a valuable resource."
"In the office, the former president occasionally turned to their predecessors."
"Obama said to Obama, which is the Hillariklington campaign, he was" sincere "by Trump immigration ban aimed at the protests of Most of Most countries."
"However, he made his dissatisfaction."


Number  8
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“"No one is prepared to normalise what is going on in the country right now," he said.”
“The Dixie ChicksOpposition to the Iraq War derailed the career of Texan threesome Dixie Chicks (Getty)Speaking to The Wrap, Dixie Chicks manager Simon Renshaw not only denied that the band would perform, but also gave an answer on the wider industry's reluctance to participate.”
“Why not ask Ted f***ing Nugent?”
“I've met Donald Trump, he was very nice to me, it's nothing personal, his political views are his own, mine are very different, I'm not a Republican in a million years.”
“"I'm British.”
“John added his own thoughts in an interview with the Guardian, where he said: "I don't really want my music to be involved in anything to do with an American election campaign.”
“He will NOT be performing."”
“Unfortunately John's publicist Fran Curtis came straight back with a statement to the New York Times: "Incorrect.”
“The Independent would like to keep you informed about offers events and updates by email please tick the box if you would like to be contacted Read our full mailing list consent terms here That sounded pretty definite...”
“The Independent would like to keep you informed about offers events and updates by email please tick the box if you would like to be contacted Read our full mailing list consent terms here Independent Culture Newsletter The best in film music TV radio straight to your inbox every week...”


"No one is preparing to normalize what happened in the country," he said. "
"DiXie Chicksopposition in Iraq, through the Texas Tricriminal Career Dak West, DiXie Chicks Manager Simon Renshaw not only deny the band, but also gives a wider range of industries. The answer to the participation. "
"Why don't you ask stubborn butt?"
"I have encountered DonaldTron, and he is very good for me. This is not a personal, his political point is his own, I am getting more and more different, I am not a $ 1 million Republic."
""I am English. "
John added his idea when interviewed an interview with the guardian, where he said: "I really don't want my music to participate in things related to American election activities. "
"He won't perform." "
"Unfortunately, John's public relations Lan Curtis directly returned to the New York Times:" incorrect.
"Independent wants to inform you to provide activities and updates via email, please check boxes, if you want to be contacted, please read our full email list here to sound clear ..."
"Independence hopes to inform you to provide activities and updates via email, if you want to contact, please read our full email list consent Terms here, here, independent cultural event communication Best film music TV radio every week ..."


Number  9
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Japan has slaughtered over 6,000 whales since commercial whaling was made illegal by the International Whaling Commission (IWC) moratorium passed in 1986.”
““The waste of life is always a shame, but the whales are not to blame here, they were only doing what they are born to do: kill for food” he adds.”
““It seems Japan just doesn’t give a damn about international law” explains environmental activist and spokesman for Greenpeace Canada, James Ben Shahali, based in Vancouver.”
“The East Asian nation halted its annual Antarctic whaling mission after the U.N.’s International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled last march the hunt violated an international moratorium on commercial whaling.”
“Antarctic...”
“The incident occurred in the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary near the South Eastern Coast of South Africa a controversial area to be whaling as a recent international court ruling has ordered the country to ends its whale hunt in the...”
“Within 30 minutes of the incident, 16 crew members had disappeared into the ocean.”
““The water was red with blood, there were bodies everywhere” he recalls in tears.”
““It was horrific” claims Asuka Kumara, a mechanical engineer who witnessed the gruesome scene.”
“The swimming crew members were then ferociously attacked by a school of killer whales, that decimated a large number of the crew within moments.”


"The International Whaling Committee (IWC) passed in 1986 is temporarily illegal, and Japan has slaughtered more than 6,000 whales."
"" The waste is always shameful, but the whale is not blaming here. They are just doing their natural things: killing food "he added."
"It seems that Japan seems to have no curse international law" explains the environmental activists and spokespersons of Vancouver, Vancouver, James, Sahali. "
"East Asian countries in the International Court of Justice (ICJ) of U.n. temporarily stopped its annual Antarctic whaling mission after rule in March last year, the hunting violates the international suspension of commercial whaling."
"Antarctic ..."
"The incident occurred in a controversial area of 鈥嬧媡he South Sea Whale Shelter near South Africa, as the recent international court ruling, the country ordering the country ..."
"Within 30 minutes after the incident, 16 crew will disappear in the ocean."
"" Water is red and the blood, there are corpses around the world "he tears full."
"This is a terrible" claiming Alex Coemara, one witnessed the surprising scene. "
"The swimming crew will then attacked a killer attack by a killer whale, which destroys a lot of crew at the time of the moment."


Number  10
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Let us know in the comments section below and please share and like our Facebook Page.”
“Kellyanne Conway’s comments have caused reactions on social media especially on Twitter where she has been blasted as “a show off and trying to divert attention from the most important issues facing our country.”What do you think of her comments?”
“All they want is to see her doing a good job and not spinning facts around,” wrote James Collin, a New York based attorney and registered Democrat.”
“The American people don’t care if she looks like a model or not.”
““Making ridiculous claims that she’s being hated because of her good looks is as ridiculous as it gets.”
“...boss were doing a good job and being open and honest with the American people then she wouldn t have to face much criticism...”
“Kellyanne Conway counselor to President Trump claimed that Liberal women hate her because of her striking beauty and intellect in comments that were made to a reporter at a luncheon in Washington D C Pundits were quick to capitalise on her comments and tell her that if she and her...”


"Let's know in the following comment section, please share and like our Facebook page."
"Kellyanne Conway comments created the response to social media, especially in this twice, she was exploded as" a show, trying to transfer from my country's most important issue. "What do you think about her comments?"
"They just see that she is doing very well, rather than rotating," Jameskin, New York lawyers and registered Democrats wrote. "
"If she looks like a model, Americans don't care."
"The ridiculous claim, she is as ridiculous as it looks like her. "
"... the boss is very good, open with the American people, honest, then she has to face a lot of criticism ..."
"Trump president's Kellyanne Conway counselor claimed that liberal women hated her because she hated her in a comment on a lunch in Washington, DC, soon, she would take advantage of her comment and tell her if. She and her words ... "


Number  11
Source test case:  ['Opinion']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“It beggars belief that an American president would engage in such a spectacle.”
“Now, we are told via twitter that today the president intends to announce his choice for the “most corrupt and dishonest” media awards.”
“For they are shameful, repulsive statements.”
“This alone should be a source of great shame for us in this body, especially for those of us in the president’s party.”
“It bears noting that so fraught with malice was the phrase “enemy of the people,” that even Nikita Khrushchev forbade its use, telling the Soviet Communist Party that the phrase had been introduced by Stalin for the purpose of “annihilating such individuals” who disagreed with the supreme leader.”
“Mr. President, it is a testament to the condition of our democracy that our own president uses words infamously spoken by Josef Stalin to describe his enemies.”
“This sign-up form is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.”
“You can unsubscribe at any time and you can contact us here.”
“POLITICO Playbook newsletter Sign up today to receive the #1-rated newsletter in politics Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or updates from POLITICO and you agree to our privacy policy and terms of service.”
““The enemy of the people,” was what the president of the United States called the free press in 2017.”


"He believes that the US president will participate in such a wonder."
"Now, we tell us through Twitter today, the president is intended to announce him to choose" the most corporate and most honest "media award."
"Because they are shameful, disgusting statements."
"This person should be the source of our humiliation in this body, especially for the presidential party."
"The bear noted that this is so bad, this is the sentence of" the people's enemies ", even Nikita Khrushchev prohibits the use of it, telling the Soviet Communist Party, Stalin has been introduced by Stalin by" annihilating such personal "disagree The highest leader. "
"Mr.. Madam President, this proves our democracy, that is, our own president uses Josef Stalin's words to say his enemy."
"This registration form is applied by RecAptcha and Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service."
"You can cancel your subscription at any time, you can contact us here."
"Politico Playbook Newsletter is registered today. By registering to receive the first evaluation of political email You agree to receive policies or updates, you agree to our privacy policy and service terms."
"The" people's enemies "is the US president to make free media in 2017."


Number  12
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...if you are interested in what I am tonight then email me...”
“...to keep this short but when you email me you can learn more...”
“I live alone and on my own im 25 i am in the north suburbs but can travel i dont care if you are in the city or suburbs i am pretty laid back and open minded i am going...”
“I went out women want real sex North Washington last night with friends and had a good time, so I want to have fun tonight as well.”
“I woke up late today so i plan or want to be up later tonight.”
“...so i posted an ad earlier but i am still looking because i havent found what im looking for yet... id love to go out tonight with someone or just hang out would be fine.”
“...still looking to hang out/meet up tonight...are you?”


"... If you are interested in me tonight, then send me an email ..."
"... to keep this short but when you send me an email, you can learn more ..."
"I live alone, I am in my own IM 25, I am in the north, but I can travel, I don't care if you are in the city or suburbs, I am very beautiful, open, I want to go ..."
"Last night and friends wanted to really love North Washington last night, I wish you good luck, so I want to have fun tonight."
"I woke up today, so I plan or hoped to get later later."
"... So I released an advertisement earlier, but I am still looking for, because I didn't find something I was looking for ... I like to go out tonight or gone. Great."
"... still hopes to go around / meet tonight ... Are you?"


Number  13
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Working with Facebook makes us look bad According to Breitbart one fact checker who has reportedly long worked with Facebook even referred to the social network as a terrible company declaring and on a personal level I don t want to have anything to do with them while another fact...”
““It’s worth asking how do they treat stories about George Soros on the platform knowing they specifically pay people to try to link political enemies to him?”
“And in the case of Snopes, their business model is a simple, yet devastatingly effective one since they partnered with Facebook and Google: They debunk viral news, and posts.”
“Being motivated by "facts" is apparently very lucrative.”
“During the lengthy and bitter legal dispute, CEO David Mikkelson also claimed to be underpaid and was demanding the "industry standard" or at least $360,000 a year.”
“Mikkelson's ex-wife Barbara, claimed in legal documents he embezzled $98,000 of company money and spent it on "himself and prostitutes."”
“According to a report by the Daily Mail, Snopes founder David Mikkelson was accused of embezzling thousands from the company.”
“Of course, it's understandable that a website has overheads that need to be covered, but when a company is primarily driven by profit, how can they be trusted to remain non-partisan?”
“Adsense asking for donations from readers via PayPal and has an active GoFundMe campaign to Save Snopes which has so far generated over 850 000 of its 2 million goal...”
“LaCapria said she was particularly upset to learn that Facebook was paying Snopes That felt really gross Facebook has one mission and fact checking websites should have a completely different mission Aside from allegedly being paid by Facebook Snopes also generates revenue by filling its website with advertisements from Google...”


"Working with Facebook makes us look very bad. According to reports, it is reported that it is reported that it is reported that it is reported that the social network is called a terrible company, as a terrible company announced and in personal level, I don't want to There is any relationship with them ... "
"" It is worth to ask how they treat George Sorcoss's stories on the platform, understand their dedicated payment people trying to contact him political enemies? "
"In the case of sniper, their business model is a simple but destroyed effective because they work with Facebook and Google: they expose virus news and post."
"The motivation" of "facts" is obviously very profitable. "
"In a long and bitter legal dispute, CEO David McKerson also claims that it is insufficient and requires $ 360,000" industry standard "or at least $ 360,000."
"Mikkelson's ex-wife Barbara, claimed in legal documents, he was corrupted $ 98,000, and in" he and prostitute "."
"According to a report of daily mail, Snopes founder David Mikkelson is accused of misappropriation of companies."
"Of course, it can be understood that a website has the cost of coverage, but how do they trust the non-party when a company is mainly driven by profit?"
"Adsense Requires readers through PayPal, and has a positive GofundME event to save obstacles, this is the 80,000 times of 200,000 times produced by far ..."
"Lacapria said that she is particularly angry with Facebook feels that the total value Facebook has a mission in the payment of Snopes. It is actually a completely different task that is allegedly different. There should be a completely different task in addition to filling its website. Income Google Generated by Advertising ... "


Number  14
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Defense counsel insists that there is additional exculpatory evidence the prosecution has yet to turn over to the defense and has asked the court to order Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner to produce it.”
“...answered, “Yes.”
“Eric Greitens has been the whereabouts of an incriminating photo that he is alleged to have taken and disseminated.”
“A deposition of the woman (K.S.)”
“...in question, the woman who accused Greitens of taking a nude photo of her, reveals one new shocking bit of evidence.”
“The woman may have dreamed up the incident at the heart of the criminal case.”
“The defense team’s April 8 motion to compel immediate production of all exculpatory evidence reports the following exchange.”
“When the defense counsel asked K.S., “Did you ever see [Greitens] in possession of a camera or phone?” she answered: “Not to my knowledge.”
“I didn’t see him with it.”The question was then asked, “And as you sit here now, you cannot state under oath that you ever saw him in possession of a camera – with a camera or a phone?”K.S.”
“...replied, “Correct.”The counsel then asked, “And you can’t say you saw it on his person, you can’t say you saw him put it down in the kitchen, take it from the kitchen, or put it down anywhere in the basement.”


"The defense lawyer insisted that there was an additional phagocytical evidence that the prosecution has not turned to defend and asked the court to order the circuit lawyer Jindina to produce it."
"... reply," Yes. "
"Eric Greitens has always been the fallen of the photos he be arrested and spread."
"Sedimentary woman (k.s.)"
"... There is a problem, the woman who blames her naked photo of the naked photo reveals a new shocking evidence."
"This lady may have already dreamed of incidents of criminal cases."
"The National Defense Team moved on April 8th motion forced to produce all auxiliary evidence reports the following exchanges."
"When the defense lawyer asked K.s.," Have you seen the camera or mobile phone? "She replied:" I don't know my knowledge. "
"I didn't see him." Then, this question has been asked ", just like you are sitting here, you can't present the vows you have seen him with a camera or phone?" Ks "
"... reply," correct. "The lawyer then asked," You can't say that you see it on his person, you can't say that you see him in the kitchen, take it down from the kitchen, or place it anywhere in the basement. "


Number  15
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...illegal immigrantsillegal immigrantsillegal immigrants...”
“Has Big Tech Gone Too Far Banning the President?”
“Since the program began in May, 536 juveniles have been held — 248 of whom have been deported to Mexico after an average stay of 75 days, according to Border Patrol statistics.”
“Now, as a result of that decision, young Mexicans are being held for months without charge in shelters across the United States, sometimes without their parents’ knowledge.”
“You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.”
“You may opt out at anytime.”
“Completing this poll grants you access to The Lid updates free of charge.”
“* Yes NoEmail *Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.”
“...take our poll - story continues below Has Big Tech Gone Too Far Banning the President?”


"... illegally immigrant Le Cole immigration ..."
"Is there a large technology to go too far to ban president?"
"Because the plan begins in May, the border patrol statistics have averaged average, 536 teenagers have been held - 248 people have been expelled to Mexico after 75 days of stay."
"Now, due to this decision, the young Mexican is holding several months in the US asylum, sometimes there is no parental knowledge."
"You also agree to this website's privacy policy and terms of use."
"You can quit at any time."
"Fill in this polling to grant your free access to the cover update."
"* Yes Noemail * Comment This field is used to verify the purpose,"
"... Take away our public opinion survey - the story continues to have a large-scale technology to walk too far?"


Number  16
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The parents say they are reaching out to an attorney, refusing to give any further statements.”
“The little boy is said to be in stable condition with no life-threatening injuries.”
“United Airlines released a statement saying the employee acted in a way that does not represent their company and has been fired.”
“The flight attendant was restrained in the back of the plane until the Pilot could make an emergency landing in Missouri.”
“It took several passengers to subdue the United Airlines employee.”
“...from the mother s arms and slapping him in the face...”
“Eyewitnesses say the little boy was screaming for about 38 minutes straight and the parents were asked by the flight attendant several times to quiet that annoying ass baby down After the 4th attempt to get the parents to comply the flight attendant erupted into a rage grabbing the baby...”
“The baby, whose name has not been released, was left with a welt mark across his face due to the assault.”
“He was pulled out of his seat and thrown into the aisle as seen on a video released on Monday.”
“This comes just hours after a man was dragged off of an overbooked United Airlines flight when he refused to get off the plane.”


"Parents said they are reaching out to the lawyer and refuse to provide any further statements."
"This little boy is said to be a stable condition, and there is no harm to life."
"The United Airlines released a statement that employees act in a way they do not represent the company and were fired."
"Flight waiter system behind the plane until the pilot can fall in Missouri."
"I spent several passengers to uniform employees from United Airlines."
"... From the mother's weapon to take his face ..."
"Witnesses said that this little boy rushed straight to about 38 minutes, and the parents were asked for many times to quietly quietly let the baby explode in anger broke out in the anger of the passengers in the fourth time ..."
"Baby has not released, due to attack, the post mark on his face left a trace."
"He was driven out of his seat and then saw a trip on Monday."
"When he refused to go to the plane, this was only a few hours when he was dragged to a high flight flight."


Number  17
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The President has 10 days to sign or veto the enrolled bill.”
“The Government Printing Office prints the revised bill in a process called enrolling.”
“The resulting bill returns to the House and Senate for final approval.”
“Finally, a conference committee made of House and Senate members works out any differences between the House and Senate versions of the bill.”
“Again, a simple majority (51 of 100) passes the bill.”
“In the Senate, the bill is assigned to another committee and, if released, debated and voted on.”
“If the bill passes by simple majority (218 of 435), the bill moves to the Senate.”
“If released by the committee, the bill is put on a calendar to be voted on, debated or amended.”
“The bill is then assigned to a committee for study.”
“First, a representative sponsors a bill.”


"The president has 10 days of signing or veto registration bill."
"Government Printing Office prints amended bill in a registered process."
"Bill reached back to the final approval of the house and the Senate."
"Finally, the meeting committee made by houses and Senate members wrote any difference between houses and Senate versions in the bill."
"Again, most (51%) passed the bill."
"In the Senate, the Act is assigned to another committee if it is released, debates and vote."
"If the bill passes through the simple majority (Article 218, No. 215), the bill moved to the Senate."
"If the committee is released, the bill will allocate a calendar to vote, debate or revise."
"Then assign the bill to the study committee."
"First, represent the sponsorship ticket."


Number  18
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“What a rip-off!”
“Note the loot she asked for, show up to see her, you had to pay $330000+.”
“2 in Muse, Washington County, posted the comment in response to the Steelers’ decision not to not take the field for the national anthem.”
“Fire chief apologizes for calling Steelers’ coach Mike Tomlin ‘n-word’ on Facebook | TribLIVEChief Paul Smith, who leads Cecil’s Volunteer Fire Department No.”
“Now, he should be rehabilitated, he needs a HUGE apology from the entire NFL leadership and his former teammates.”
“People are very angry at him for surrendering but then, he had everyone against him.”
“As I said above, Villanueva is the only member of that ‘team’ that stood up for America and he was then muscled by thugs threatening his life and livelihood and who forced him to do a miserable retraction of his good, patriotic deed.”
“Well, it isn’t working at all.”
“Like the DNC, they think they can impose their ideology on everyone else via force.”
“The NFL is now in dire straits.”


"This (product quality) is really lie!"
"Pay attention to her demanded plunder, show, look at her, you must pay $ 330,000 +."
"2 in Muse, Washington County, responded to the decision of the steel division, does not accept the decision of the national anthem."
"Fire captain to call the steel teacher's coach Mike Tomlin'n-Word ', who leads Cecil's volunteer fire department," Who is leading CECIL volunteer fire department
"Now, he should rehabilitate, he needs a huge apology of the entire NFL leader and his front teammates."
"People are very angry for him, because then, he let everyone oppose him."
"As I said above, Villanueva is the only" team "of the" team ", they stand up for the United States, then he is threatening his lives and livelihood muscles muscles, forcing him to make a tragic Atrophy, his kind, patriotic contract. "
"Well, it doesn't work at all."
"Just like DNC, they think they can apply their ideology through strength."
"NFL is now in a distressed strait."


Number  19
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“To an extent, the situation speaks for itself."”
“"Now we have the Justice Department showing up with a complaint about disclosures on a modest real estate matter.”
“Imran Awan, 37, was arrested on Monday by FBI agents and U.S. Capitol Police at Dulles International Airport trying to fly to Lahore, Pakistan.”
“Awan was arraigned in U.S. District Court on Tuesday with one count of bank fraud, a federal offense, and he pleaded not guilty.”
“Officials said Awan and his wife, Hina Alvi, defrauded the Congressional Federal Credit Union for $165,000 by lying on a home equity loan application, according to federal court documents.”
“Awan worked as an information technology staffer for Wasserman Schultz, a former chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee.”
“David Damron, a spokesman for her office, said he was fired Tuesday.”
“Congresswoman and DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz on December 19, 2015.”
“Pacific Press / LightRocket via Getty Images"Mr. Awan previously served as an employee in our office, but his services have been terminated," Damron said in a emailed statement.”
“Awan and his wife, who also worked as a House aide, applied for the loan in December last year and told the loan officer that their Virginia residence listed on the application to secure the loan was not used as a rental property, court documents said.”


"In some extent, this situation is itself." "
"Now, we have the judicial department to disclose a complaint, disclose moderate real estate issues."
"Emman Oman, 37 years old by the Federal Investigation Agent and the US Capitol, try to arrest in Dulles International Airport, trying to fly to Pakistan La Her."
"On Tuesday, a bank fraud, federal crime was held in the US District Court, and he pleaded unfend."
According to the federal court document, officials said that Ane and his wife Hina Alvi lied to the Congpended Federal Credit Cooperative, with $ 165,000 in $ 165,000. "
"Awan serves as the information technician of Wasserman Schultz, chairman of the Democratic State Committee."
"The spokesperson of her office David Damron said he was fired on Tuesday."
"December 19, 2015," Congress Members and DNC Chairs Debbie Wasserman Schultz. "
"Pacific Press / LighTrocke via Getty images" MR. Ai Wen has previously served as the employee of our office, but his service has been terminated, "Dalun said in an email published in the statement."
"Avan and his wife also applied for loans in December last year, and told lenders that their Virginia application to ensure that the loan is not used as a lease property, the court documentation."


Number  20
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“If you are ready to join the opposition but aren’t quite sure how to get involved, take this grassroots call to action today!”
“This is terrifying, and there’s never been a more important time to stand up to fight and defend your country.”
“He only cares about his party.”
“He doesn’t care about the American people.”
“While McCaskill may not be smart enough to be in on the plan, he’s certainly complicit and he’s demonstrating what nearly all Republicans are guilty of.”
“Trump is a dictator.”
“With tweets saying the judges would be responsible for a terrorist attack, the administration is laying the groundwork for a deeper police state or for something we’ve never had in this country, martial law.”
“That’s right, he tweeted “Can’t wait for the next 9/11 so the 9th District circuit ruling judges will wish they didn’t roll over for enemies wishing death on America #MuslimBan.”Um, seem scary to you?”
“The worst tweet from McCaskill, though, was one from Friday, where he very literally wished for another 9/11 just to prove judges wrong.”
“He tweets with glee about global warming “hoaxes.” He tweets that Americans should boycott Nordstrom for removing Ivanka’s merchandise (they were, that’s why they pulled the line).”


"If you are ready to join the opposition, but don't fully determine how to participate, please call this grassroots today!"
"This is terrible and has never become a more important time to fight and defend your country."
"He just cares about his party."
"He doesn't care about Americans."
"Although McCastor may not be smart enough, he is definitely the same, he shows that almost all Republicans have more guilt."
"Trump is a dictator."
"As the proposal said that the judge will be responsible for terrorist attacks, the government is laid the foundation for some of the deeper police states or we have never been in this country, martial arts law."
"That is right, he pushed", etc. "Well, it seems very scary to you?"
"The worst ethics of McCakas Kah is on Friday, where he enjoys another 9/11 people, just to prove that the judge is wrong."
"His" prank "for global warming. He pushes, Americans should boycott Nordstrom to remove Ivanka's goods (they are, this is why they pull)."


Number  21
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Source: Ladies of Liberty...”
“Instead, he chose to pull an illegally carried firearm from a concealed location and shot the two men.”
“In October of 2015, DeLisle was walking home from the local senior center when he was ambushed by a pair of young Muslims.”
“The men, Abdi Nadjeer Hallalla and Mustif Salabu, were already wanted for a crime spree that spanned nearly four years with dozens of victims.”
“They preyed on older Americans, often grabbing them off the street to beat and rob them.”
“Until they met DeLisle.”
“Now, Hallalla is in a wheelchair breathing through a tube and Salabu is dead.”
“DeLisle, who stormed the beach at Normandy as a young man, responded to the young men like any good Marine would.”
“He pulled a .22 from his ankle holster — which is “illegal” in California — and put both men down in seconds.”
“Prosecutors said that because the two men were unarmed and using threats instead of actually hurting DeLisle meant that there was no imminent danger and that the use of deadly force was “extreme and unnecessary.” The Dewey County Prosecutor explained in a press release:“Mr.”


Source: Free Lady ... "
"In contrast, he chose to pull out the irregularly carrying guns from hidden positions and shoot these two people."
"In October 2015, when a young Muslim is ambush, private people walk in the local high-level center."
"Men, ABDI Nadjeer Halllalla and Mustif Salabu have wanted to be crazy, these carnivals have led nearly four years with dozens of victims."
"They prey in the elderly, often seize the streets on the street and defeat them."
"Until they met private."
"Now, Halllala is located on a wheelchair, through the pipe, Saraba is dead."
"Delde Stetujard rushed into the beach as a young man in Normand, responded to young people who like any good ocean."
He has been a Hill Horstera. 22 - illegal in California - and put two people in a few seconds. "
"The prosecutor said, because these two people were armed and used threatening rather than actually injured, it means that there is no urgent danger, and the use of deadly power is" extreme and unnecessary ". The prosecutor in Dewey explained in the press release:" Mr. ".


Number  22
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“We will keep you updated soon.”
“You can see the video below:This is the developing story.”
“This impoundment follows the capture of an Obama linked ship containing 4.2 tons of cocaine, the sources note.”
“The money raised from this drug flight was intended to be used to finance the operations of Daesh (formerly known as ISIS), the sources say.”
“As a result of this, an airplane filled with Afghan Heroin and North Korean amphetamines was impounded at Argyle International Airport on St. Vincent and the Grenadines in the Caribbean, the sources say.”
“Former US President Barack Obama, in custody of the US military police, has informed on his drug dealing bosses, according to sources in Japanese military intelligence.”


"We will update you as soon as possible."
"You can see the following video: This is the story of development."
"This water storage follows Obama containing 4.2 tons of cocaine."
According to sources, the funds proposed in this drug flight aimed at funding DAESH (previously referred to as ISIS) operations. "
"Because of this, a special plane filled with Afghan Heullin and North Korea Africa in Obertel International Airport in St. Vincent and the Caribbean, in the Arena in the Caribbean."
According to the source of Japanese military intelligence, "Former US President Barack Obama under the US military guardianship, he has already understood his drug handling boss."


Number  23
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Clearly, the fault for Kushner’s probable fate lies with Kushner himself for not seeking proper shelter.”
“Mass equals force times accelarated ions.”Eric Trump was a decorated mathematician at Oxford and scored well above genius on the Hershman-Rorytar Test.”
“The roof was what was designed to absorb the impact.”
“Those walls were just normal walls to keep cost down.”
“Who would ever think that the threat would come from the side?”
“He told the National Report that the reason the water was able to penetrate was simple physics:“I designed the building for an air raid.”
“The building, designed by Eric Trump, was supposed to be able to withstand bunker-busting bombs.”
“They were all in the “safe” building towards the rear of the property when the wave hit.”
“The staff at Mar-A-Lago had been sent home except for those who live on the property.”
“Several other properties on either side, including the home of guitar legend Kieth Richards, were also destroyed.”


"Obviously, Kushner's possible misplaced dislocation and Kushner did not seek proper residence."
"Quality is equal to the strength of the strength to accelerate the ion." Eric Trump is an oxford's decorative mathematician, and it is far from the genius on Hershman-Rorytar test. "
"The roof is the reason for the design of absorption impact."
"Those walls are just a normal wall to maintain cost reduction."
"Who will think threatening from one party?"
"He told the National report that the reason why water can penetrate is simple physics:" I designed an air strike building. "
"Buildings designed by Eric Trump should be able to withstand the destruction of the broken bomb."
"When you wars, they are in" security "construction."
"In addition to those who live in the hotel, Mar-a-Lago staff were sent back home."
"There are several other properties on both sides, including guitar legend, Kieeth Richards, also destroyed."


Number  24
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Let us know your thoughts!”
“Is it all conspiracy garbage?”
“He claims he committed 37 assassinations for the American government between 1959 and 1972, including the actress and model, Marilyn Monroe.”
“Hodges says he has no regrets.”
“In amongst his many confessions, he admits to being a group member of five CIA agents, whose sole task was to carry out assassinations.”
“He also admits one of his assassinations being none other than Glamour icon, Marilyn Monroe, who was killed not just because of her ties with John F Kennedy, but also because she slept with Fidel Castro, ultimately making her a massive national security risk.”
“He claims he carried out 37 assassinations for the US Government between 1959 and 1972 including Marilyn Monroe.”
“Hodges had worked for the CIA.”
“Hodges was a CIA officer for 41 years working as an operative amongst top level security clearances, he claims he was employed as a hit-man by the organization, his duty was to assassinate individuals who posed a threat to the security of the United States of America.”


"Let's know your thoughts!"
"Is this all conspiracy garbage?"
He claims that he pays tribute to 37 assassins from the US government in 1959 to 1972, including actresses and models, Marilyn Monroe. "
"Hogus said he didn't regret."
"In his many confessions, he admitted to group members of the five Central Information Bureau, and the only task was to carry out assassination."
"He also admitted that his assassination is a charm icon, not because she is killed with John Kennedy, and because she is sleeping with Fidelkastro, she finally becoming a large-scale national security risk. "
He claims that he has carried out 37 assassins in the murder of Marilyn Monroe between 1959 and 1972 in 1959 to 1972. "
"Hodges work for CIA."
"Hodges is an official of the Central Intelligence Agency, a surgery for senior security licenses, claims that he is hired as a person of the organization, his duty is to assassinate a personal United States that pose a threat to American security."


Number  25
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“And just in case you haven’t noticed, Trump’s people have most of the guns.”
“Install Hillary by force or some other act of politics, and you will have a civil war on your hands.”
“An unknown portion of these voters may have had their minds controlled by a Russian space-beam, agents close to the investigation say.”
“The allegation that 62 million Americans appear to be employed by Russian intelligence services has rocked the Bureau, and it is reported that multiple agents have taken their own lives, given that realizing just how deep this Russian hacking conspiracy runs blew their minds — literally.”
“This shocking new revelation comes after it was confirmed as a fact that Russia did Wikileaks because Donald Trump personally called Vladimir Putin and asked him to.”
“It was also revealed earlier this week that Alex Jones (real name “Alexi Jonesinov”) is a Russian sleeper agent who was ordered by the FSB (formerly the KGB) to post news articles on the internet saying that Donald Trump would be a good President.”
“However, the revelation that 62 million Americans are taking orders directly from the Kremlin is a revelation of a whole other order, which FBI agents are struggling with how to deal with.”
“It was determined by Puerto Rican federal judge Mizu Tomazaki that it is a crime to support Donald Trump or to post positive things about him on the internet.”
“9th circuit judges Weinberg, Steinman and Goldenstein upheld the ruling.”
“Despite this, the logistics of rounding up 62 million people and locking them in prison present a difficult task to overcome.”


"If you don't pay attention, Trump's people have most guns."
"Pressure or other political behavior to install Hillary, your hand will have a civil war."
"The unknown parts of these voters may have been treated by Russian space beam control, close to the respondents."
"Russian intelligence service seems to be 62 million Americans seem to hire allegations that have been rushing. According to reports, many agents have taken their own life, because this Russian hacker's conspiracy rushed to their ideas - how literally implemented "
"This shocking new revelation is after being confirmed, because Russia did Wiki decryption because Donald Turappi is called Vladimir Putin and asked him."
"Real name" Alexi Jonesinov ") is a Russian sleeper agent ordered by FSB (formerly KGB), in order to release news articles on the Internet, say DonaldTron Will be a good president. "
"However, the revelation of 62 million Americans directly from the Kremlin is an enlightenment of a holistic order. The federal investigation bureau agent is working hard to handle how to handle it."
It was determined by the Puerto Rico Federal Judge Mizu Tomazaki, which is a crime supporting DonaldTron or on the Internet about his positive things. "
"The 9th tour judges Wilberg, Stanman and Kingstein insisted on the ruling."
"Despite this, rounding 62 million people, and locking it in prisons overcoming a daunting task."


Number  26
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“Share this post if you believe that President Trump will protect America!”
“Tell us what you think about McCain action in the comments below.”
“Even if it had, that still does not mean that President Trump was not doing what he vowed to do, which is protecting America.”
“Both President Trump and Prime Minister Turnbull have denied any acrimony occurred during their phone call.”
“Australia had denied access to the immigrants based upon security concerns and would not have refused entry to the refugees and detained them offshore without a valid reason.”
“Former President Barack Obama created the deal shortly before leaving the office.”
“Among the conflicting reports by CNN about the conversation between Trump and his Australian counterpart, Senator McCain called to offer his “unwavering support” to the foreign leader.”
“Even if McCain is still the sitting Senator from Arizona, that does not exempt him from the dictates of the Logan Act.”
“Australia does far more than its fair share to protect and promote...”
“McCain claimed that he asked Ambassador Hockey to convey to the people of Australia that their American brothers and sisters value our historic alliance honor the sacrifice of the Australians who have served and are serving by our side and remain committed to the safer freer and better world that...”


"If you think Trump President Trump protects the United States, share this article!"
"Tell us what you have in McCain in the comments below."
"Even if it is, it still does not mean that Trump's president does not do what he vowed to do, this is to protect the United States."
"The President Trump and the Leading Entry denied any invasion during the phone."
"Australian security issues denied entry into immigration, and will not refuse to enter refugees and do not have effective causes of their offshore."
Former President Barak Obama created this transaction soon before leaving the office. "
"In the conflict report of CNN's conversation between Trump and Australia, Senator McCain called for foreign leaders to provide" unswerving support "."
"Even if McCain is still from Senator from Arizona, it will not exempt the provisions of his Logan bill."
"Australia is more protected and promoted than its fair share ..."
"McCain claims that he asked the hockey ambassador to convey the Australian people, their American brothers and sisters value our History of Honor Australian sacrifice, they serve our side and is committed to a safer free and better world. That "


Number  27
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“House Oversign Committee Chair Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, asked for the alleged Comey memo and other documents.”
“Even a Republican, Rep. Justin Amash, claimed Wednesday there are grounds to impeach President Trump.”
“To put that in perspective, these casualties exceed the nation’s loss in all its other wars, from the Revolution through Vietnam.”
“That war came at a high price, as many as 700,000 Americans died fighting for what they believe in.”
“One Hundred and Fifty-Seven years ago the Democrats waged a war against the First Republican President Abraham Lincoln for giving Blacks their freedom.”
“It should be noted that the Democratic Party has already done this once before.”
“Democrats are well schooled in such things probably because of their close alliance with Marxist regimes that can only gain power by seizing it through bloody civil wars.”
“...sheriff wasn t interested in joining them in the swamp so they launched what can only be characterized as a coup attempt...”
“...agent with intimate knowledge of the inner workings of the Clinton case told us that they uncovered evidence of such massive corruption that the agents involved realized that damned near the entire government could be brought down The criminal co conspirators in both parties realized almost immediately that the new...”
“Well, there was one additional promise that Trump made on his way to the White House that has some Republicans joining with Democrats and quaking in their boots, Trump’s promise to “Drain the Swamp.”As we reported yesterday, “An F.B.I.”


"The President of the House Prison Committee. Jason Tessen Utah Utah, requires alleged memorandum and other documents."
"Even the Republican, Justin AMASH, just claimed to be, there is reason to let Tri Pu President."
"In view, these casualties surpass the loss of all other war countries, from the Vietnamese revolution."
"This war appeared at a high price, up to 700,000 Americans fight for them."
"One hundred and fifty-seven years ago, the Democrats launched a war to the first Republican President Abraham Lincoln, providing freedom for the black people."
"It should be pointed out that the Democratic Party has completed it."
"Democrats may be very good, may be because they have closely alliances with Marxist regime, they can only grab it through bloody civil war."
"... Dr. Sheriff joins them in the swamp, so they launched things that can only be described as the coup."
"... The internal operation of the Clinton case with intimate knowledge tells us that they have discovered the evidence of this huge corruption, that is, the agents involved have been aware of the entire government, these governments may Criminal collapsed in the two countries, the new ... "
"Well, there is an extra promise, Trump is made on the way to the White House. This is some republicans to join the Democrats, joining the Democrats in their boots, Trump promises" drain swamp ". As us Yesterday's report, "an FBI".


Number  28
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“*** UPDATE- Anyone who believes this story or any other story on this website needs to read this post ***.”
“It just doesn’t make sense to me”After last night’s demonstration where several democrats in leadership roles refused to stand while the widow was being honored, Goldberg continues to make the point that liberals lack a significant amount of class.”
“How can someone who is truly greiving go out there and be on TV.”
““If it were me I wouldn’t be able to leave the house.”
“These military widows love their 15 minutes in the spotlight”, Goldberg said.”
““She was just looking for attention.”
“Whoopi Goldberg is in hot water after comments she made Wednesday regarding the Navy SEAL widow that was honored last night during President Donald Trump’s historical speech.”


"*** update - those who believe this story or any other story on this website need to read this article ***."
"After the demonstration of last night, after the widow of a certain democratic demonstration of the leadership role of the leader, this is just no meaningful", while the widow is won, Goldberg continues to make freedom. The lack of a large number of classes. "
"How do people who really shoot can go out there."
"" If it is me, I can't leave the house. " "
"These military widows love them 15 minutes under the spotlights", Goldberg said. "
"She is just looking for attention." "
"WHOOOPI GOLDBERG After comment, she served as a historic naval seal in the historical historical speech of Donaldtron history last night."


Number  29
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The latest food stamp numbers show that the downward trend over the past year — and every year after 2013 — is continuing.”
“Over the past year since President Donald Trump took office, enrollment in SNAP dropped by two million.”
“The Trump administration announced that it would adopt some of these state welfare reform measures — such as requiring food stamp recipients to work a certain number of hours per week — and implement them at the federal level, causing nationwide food stamp enrollment to plunge even further.”
“But it also highlights an ongoing downward trend in food stamp enrollment that has been going on for several years since state legislatures enacted welfare reform measures designed to get people back into the workforce.”
“The sharp decline in food stamp enrollment over one month reflects how states like Florida have curtailed their temporary food stamp benefit programs for those affected by natural disasters.”
“Sims added that DCF handed out D-SNAP benefits totaling more than $1 billion to 3.1 million people in the months following Hurricane Irma, but the state curtailed its D-SNAP benefit program on December 3.”
“To qualify for the federal disaster food assistance program, individuals must have lived or worked in one of the 48 declared counties on September 5, and NOT be a customer in the regular food assistance program,” said DCF Communications Director Jessica Sims.”
““The dramatic increase in SNAP recipients in the fall was related to the state’s administration of the federal disaster SNAP program following the impact of Hurricane Irma.”
“...the food stamp program...”
“A spokesperson for Florida s Department of Children and Families DCF the program that administers food stamp benefits in Florida confirmed with Breitbart News that the dramatic increase in SNAP enrollment in the state was due to disaster relief but that most food stamp recipients were not normal beneficiaries of...”


"The latest food vouchers have shown that the decline in the past year - continues."
"In the past year, when the President Donald Trump took office, Kangquan has dropped 2 million."
The Trump Government announced that some of the national welfare reform measures - such as a certain hour in which food voucher is helped, and in the federal level, leading to further plummeted national food coupons. "
"But it also emphasizes the continued dowrtrower of food coupons, and the State Legislature has enacted welfare reform measures to returning to labor welfare measures."
"The dramatic drop in food and coupons reflects how to cut their temporary food coupon benefits for people like natural disasters such as natural disasters."
"SIM card replenishes, DCF has distributed D-SNAP welfare within a few months in IRMA, with a total of more than $ 1 billion to 3.1 million, but the state has shortened its D-SNAP Welfare Plan on December 3. "
"In order to be eligible to obtain a federal disaster aid plan, individuals must live or work in one of the 48 announced counties on September 5, rather than customers who are regular food aid programs," DCF communication director Jessica SIMS. " "
"" The autumn capture of the recipient's dramatic increase in the management of the federal disaster capture scheme after the influence of Hurricane IRMA. " "
"... food voucher plan ..."
"The spokesperson DCF in Florida and the family department manages the food coupon welfare in Florida, confirming the news of Breitbart, that is, the significant increase in the rapid enrollment rate of the country is due to disaster relief, but most food vouchers are not Normal beneficiary ... "


Number  30
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“(h/t Young Conservatives)”
“What do you think about this whole mess?”
“He has been doing everything he can to mess up what Trump is doing.”
“And being a liberal elite, he can get away with it.”
“Everywhere President Donald Trump goes, Obama shows up too.”
“A little odd, no?”
“This concerning practice has gotten on the last nerve of the Trump administration and it shows that they are concerned with what Obama is trying to do.”
“Obama needs to realize that he is no longer the president, no matter how much he wants to be.”
“Obama first went to Italy when Trump was there to try to disrupt what was going on there.”
“Does he not know when to give up?”


"(H / t young conservative)"
"How do you think this whole chaos?"
"He has been doing what he can do."
"And becoming a liberal elite, he can escape it."
"Donald Trump, president, Obama also appeared."
"It's a bit strange, isn't it?"
"This situation is about the last nerve of the Trump government, indicating that they care about Obama's efforts."
"Obama needs to realize that he is no longer a president, no matter how much he wants."
"When Trump tried to destroy the things there, Obama went to Italy."
"He didn't know when to give up?"


**Something goes wrong**
“Immigrants, however, never made up a majority of the population of Bristol County, where Fall River lies, even at their early 20th Century peak.”
“Later, at the end of the 19th Century a wave of immigrants swelled the town’s population.”
“Industrialization began when Col. Joseph Durfee, a native-born Revolutionary War hero built the first factory in 1811.”
“A native-born family, the Bordens ran a mill in what became the town for generations before and after the American revolution.”
“...not immigrants but colonists...”
“Rep Joe Kennedy III D MA claimed the host city of his response to President Donald Trump s State of the Union address Fall River Massachusetts was built by immigrants Fact Check MOSTLY FALSE What is now Fall River was first established in the 1600s by English settlers who were...”


"Other immigrants have never made up for most of the population of Bristol County, even in the peak of the 20th century, even in the waterfall lies."
"Later, in the end of the 19th century, a wave of immigrants expanded the population of the town."
"The industrialization begins in Joseph Curefee, a local revolutionary war hero built the first factory in 1811."
"A home-born family, Bordens became a mill of towns before and after the US revolution."
"... is not immigrant, but the colonists ..."
"Rep Joe Kennedy III D MA claims that his resident city alliance address of President Donald Trump Kingdom, the autumn Hedger Massachusetts is mainly wrong by immigration facts, and now the autumn of autumn is the first place in the 1600s. English settlers are ... "


Number  32
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The Post also cited one unidentified person familiar with the effort as saying that Trump has asked his advisers about his authority to grant pardons to aides, family members or even himself.”
“...of interest in overseeing the investigation...”
“Nearly everyone who knows him seems to agree that Rod Rosenstein, the Deputy Attorney General and the official overseeing the special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation of links between the Trump campaign and Russia, has a reputation for integrity.”
“Rod who is described by Jim Trusty, the former head of the Justice Department’s organized-crime division as a prosecutor, not a persecutor, had sought earlier to protect his good image by not taking a hastened decision to fire anyone without justifiable reasons.”
“But Trump could not fire Mueller directly, according to the law that authorizes Mueller’s probe, so the only possible way is to throw the Justice Department into upheaval by firing Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein who only holds the key Mueller’s expulsion.”
“Only the person acting as attorney general and Rod Rosenstein who was on matters related to the probe could fire Mueller and he said he won t do it without good cause So Trump would first had to purge the upper ranks of the Justice Department until he finds someone...”
“...willing to follow his orders and dismiss the special counsel...”
“Conflicting reports claim Rosenstein had resigned but it’s understood that Donald Trump made the decision to remove him after a review from his chief of staff, John Kelly.”
“UNDER the best of circumstances—when America has a president who is disciplined, willing to hear harsh but necessary truths and loyal to those he trusts—the post of Attorney General is “perhaps one of the most powerful job in Washington”, according to Loretta Lynch.”
“Loretta Elizabeth Lynch, an American attorney who served as the 83rd Attorney General of the United States, appointed by President Barack Obama in 2015 to succeed Eric Holder.”


"The position also quoted a familiar unknown person, familiar with this effort, and said that the Pupu proposed his power to pardon, family member or even himself."
"..." interest supervision survey ... "
"Almost everyone knows that he seems to agree with Rod Rosenstein, Deputy Secretary Minister and supervise special lawyers Mul Muller's officials contact between Trump campaign and Russia."
"The ROD described by Jim Trusty, the former leader of the Ministry of Justice as an prosecutor, is not an persecutant, and even seeks to protect his good image earlier and have not rushed out any hastily decision without justice. "
According to the law of the probe of Muller, "Trump can't launch Muller, so the only possible way is to pass shooting the Counter's Justice Justice Justice Justice Justice Team, Russen Russen.
"Only those who are the judicial ministers and Rooserist have related matters related to probes. He can dismall Muller. He said he has no good reason, so Trump will first blow the level of the Ministry of Justice. Until he found someone ... "
"... Willing to follow his command and dismiss a special consultant ..."
"Report of mutual conflicts claims Rosnstein has resigned, but it is understood that Donald Turaku decided to remove him after reviewing his employee Director John Kelly."
"In the best case - when the United States has a president of discipline, it is willing to hear harsh but necessary truth, people who are loyal to him - the position of the lawyer is" one of the strongest works in Washington ", according to Loretta Lynch. "
"The US lawyer of the 83rd Law Company of the United States, Loretta Elizabeth Lynch, appointed by President Barak Obama in 2015 to obtain Eric holders."


Number  33
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“That would be a fine example of God’s wrath aimed at what is, in my opinion, a terrible misuse of our Maker’s good name.”/religionlo.com/Commentscomments...”
“If it were up to me, I would put every single woman or girl who does that in jail.”
“In fact, one of the Ten Commandments in the Old Testament states: “You shall not take the name of the Lord your God in vain, for the Lord will not hold him guiltless who takes his name in vain” (Exodus 20:7).”
“The word “vain” means “for no reason” or “useless.”“Thus, God was instructing the Israelites to avoid using his name in a useless, disrespectful way.”
“Instead, the Israelites were supposed to revere the name of God and use it in a serious, considerate way.”
“Many of the ancient Israelites were so respectful of the name of God that they would not even pronounce it or write it for fear of using it in vain.”
“Those who did write it would often throw away the quill they had used, because they thought that any quill that had written God’s name was holy and should not be used for regular words.”
““Dr.”
“John Hagee, the founder and senior pastor of the Cornerstone Church in San Antonio, Texas, not only agrees with what the Good Book says, but also takes the faith to a level of fanaticism.”
“Speaking exclusively with Newslo Hagee stated that in this world of crimes and deaths that surround us a simple blasphemy does not get that much attention when it should Saying the Lord s name in vain might seem petite and insignificant compared to some of the things that are going...”


"This will be a great example of God's anger, aiming at me, in my opinion, abuse our manufacturer's good name." / Religious light "/ commandscomments ..."
"If it depends on me, I will put every woman or girl in prison."
"In fact, one of the Ten Commands in the Ten Commandments in the Old Testament:" You will not be in vain in the name of God, because the Lord will not hold him in vain "(Elder 20: 7). "
The word "futile" means "no reason" or "useless". Therefore, God instructs Israelites to avoid using his name in a useless, not respectful manner. "
"On the contrary, Israelites should respect God's name and use it in a serious way."
"Many ancient Israelis are so respectful to God's name, that is, they don't even publish it, because they are afraid of using it."
"Those who wrote often throw away the feather pen they used, because they think that feathers of any written name are holy, should not be used for regular words."
"Doctor"
"John Hagee, the founder and senior priest of San Antonio of San Antonio, Texas, not only agree that this good book is said, but also brought faith to the extent of fanatics."
"Completely speaking with Newslo Heagee, in this world surrounded by the United States, when it is a simple blasphemy, when it should be said that the name of the futures, something that seems to be a petite and insignificant "


Number  34
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Our thoughts and prayers remain with the people of Las Vegas and again it’s our most fervent prayer we get enough security to make life fright-free again in the Nevada city.”
“Paddock shot and killed himself; Las Vegas Metro Police officers found him dead in the room.”
“A gunman, now identified as 64-year-old Stephen Paddock, opened fire on a country-music festival from a hotel window inside the nearby Mandalay Bay.”
“It’s being reported by outlets as the deadliest mass shooting in the history of the United States.”
“More than 50 people were killed and more than 500 more injured in a terrifying massacre Sunday night.”
““Las Vegas we are praying for you,” Khloé Kardashian tweeted immediately after announcing the family’s donation.”
“But we know several people have been bereaved or victimized and now face the daunting challenge of putting lives and communities back together fearsomely, and we’re using our unique resources and reach to help those in need.”-the family continued.”
“The most decorated family said it’s hard to fully appreciate the impact, in part because people are still recovering from the historic tragedy.”
““Our hearts go out to everyone in the devastating path of this historic mass shooting,” said Kim Kardashian.”
“Across our social platforms, there will be a #DayofGiving call-to-action to donate to the victims of Las vegas shooting, with those dollars going to benefit those most impacted, the statement read.”


"Our thoughts and prayers are still staying with the Las Vegas people in the Las Vegas people, this is our most eager prayer, we get enough security, and in the city of Huada again."
"The yard shoots and killed themselves; Las Vegas subway police officers found that he was dead in the room."
"A gunman, is now determined to be a 64-year-old Stephen Padek, which is fired on the hotel's window in the nearby Mandalay."
"It is reported by the outlets as the most deadly popular shooting in the United States."
"More than 50 people were killed, more than 500 people were injured in the horrible massacre on Sunday night."
"" Las Vegas we pray for you, "Khlo茅kardashian was released immediately after declaring family donation."
"But we know that several people have been with your own eyes or victims, now facing the challenges of life, let life and communities are fearful, we are using our unique resources and reach out to help those people needed." - Family continues to help . "
"The most decorated family said that it is difficult to fully appreciate, in part because people still recover from the historic tragedy."
"Our heart goes out everyone in the destructive road of this historic masses," Jinka Dyan said. "
"On our social platform, there will be a victim of #dayofgy call for donation to Las Vegas, as these dollars benefit from the most affected people, statement, statement."


Number  35
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...in the Rocky Mountain State...”
“SIDENOTE An inside source with the organization said that it appears that the strain of marijuana that will be used in the making of the marijuana brownies will be Durango Bango which is considered to be the very best weed...”
“What better way to sell concessions that to give everyone in the stadium the munchies?”
“The Rockies head office is hoping that the sale of marijuana brownies will also boost sales of other concession items.”
“High ranking officials in the Rockies organization say they are thrilled at the new menu item since they note that it will bring in tens of thousands of dollars per month.”
“An official within the Rockies organization stated that the Rockies organization has given the green light to concession stands selling marijuana brownies.”
“Pot Brownies.”
“The first item on the list?”
“Sources are reporting that Major League Baseball’s Colorado Rockies plan to sell food items which contain marijuana at concession stands during games next season.”
“...state...”


"... in the rock mountain state ..."
"The internal source of the organization says that it seems to seem to be used in the lace of cannabis to produce scaresmann chocolate will be Durango Bango, and it is considered to be the best weed ..."
"The sales concession makes everyone better ways in the stadium?"
"Roshi Corporation hopes that sales of scorpion berries will also promote sales of other franchise items."
"Senior officials in Robs Organization said they excited on the new menu, because they noticed that it will bring tens of thousands of dollars per month."
"An official in the Robes organization said that Robs organized the green light into a franchise show in Cannabille."
Pot Brownis. "
"The first item in the list?"
"Source report said that the Colorado Robs of the Major League Baseball plans to sell food containing marijuana during the next season."
"...status..."


Number  36
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“But if your point is it is not just Al Franken you are absolutely right.”Not long ago Mitt Romney also stated that President Trump is “trying to divide us up by the color of our skin.””
“We have a president of the United States who acknowledged on a tape widely seen all over the country that he’s assaulted women, so I would hope maybe the president of the United States might pay attention of what’s going on and also think about resigning.”
“But, yes, I do think he should resign.”Romney continued, “Let me take it a little step further.”
“I don’t.”
“Do I think he will?”
“I do.”
“This is a guy who was on a tape seen by everybody in America essentially bragging about his sexual assault of women.”“Do I think under those considerations of Al Franken resigned, do I think the president should resign?”
“It’s already bad and he is adding fuel to the fire.”Romney added, “You’ve got a president who has been accused, by many, many women of harassment, to say the least.”
“...ve got a president who has some very serious emotional problems I m especially concerned about his constant tweets about North Korea...”
“AMID AN INTERVIEW ON CNN S AC360 FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE MITT ROMNEY URGED PRESIDENT TRUMP TO LEAVE OFFICE OVER THE SEXUAL MISCONDUCT CLAIMS AGAINST HIM AND COMMENTED THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS SOME VERY SERIOUS EMOTIONAL PROBLEMS Romney shared his opinion on Trump s controversial tweets by sayin I think you...”


"But if your point of view is not just tank, you are absolutely correct." Not long ago, Mitramny also said that Trump President "tried to separate the color of our skin."
"We have a US president acknowledged in tape across the country, and he was attacked, so I hope that the US president may pay attention to the happening and considering resignation."
"But, yes, I do think he should resign." Romney continued, "Let me go further step by step."
"I do not."
"Do I think he will?"
"I am willing."
"This is a person on the tape measure that everyone sees in the United States. Basically boast his sexual assassination for women." I think the considers of Franken resignation, I think the President should resign? "
"This is already very bad, he is adding fuel to the fire." Romney added, "You have a president who is accused, many people have been harassed by many harassment,"
"... There is a president, he is particularly serious, especially paying attention to his constant pilot of North Korea ..."
"In an interview with the President of the President of the CNN S AC360, the President Trump urged the President Trump to leave the office in the claims of his sexual behavior, and the president has some very serious emotional problems, Roma Ni is shared his opinion on Trump's dispute push, I miss you ... "


Number  37
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Maybe if they took their heads out of their asses long enough to even listen to Trump’s goals for his time in office they would feel differentWatch one news network’s story on the matter:”
“Let’s hope that for the sake of everyone else in Hollywood these ignorant celebrities suck it up and deal with the fact that their candidate didn’t win.”
“The fact remains that Donald Trump is our President, whether they like it or not, and that isn’t about to change.”
““And they’re not getting the bazillion dollar deals.”It’s about time that these jerkoffs realize that they aren’t the only people in this world.”
““The people who do all the real work in Hollywood are the people who build the sets, who make the costumes, who create the props, and in some cases, do the stunts and the special effects,”Mike explained.”
“He mentioned the lower paid support staff who do all of the behind the scenes work.”
“Mike Opelka called out the rich actors and directors who were threatening the strike, warning them of the damage this strike would cause to everyone else in the industry.”
“The fact that people like Rosie O’Donnell think that the movie and television industry wouldn’t survive without them proves just how ignorant they really are.”
“We don’t need jerks like you in Hollywood anyway.”
“Our message to them, DO IT.”


"Maybe if they take the head from their scorpion, and even hear Trump's goals in the office, they will feel different news networks:"
"Let us hope for others in Hollywood, these ignorant celebrities suck it and handle their candidates without winning."
"The fact is still DonaldTron is our president, no matter whether they like it, it is not changed."
"They did not get the benefits of Bazillion dollar." "This is about these Jieke people realize that they are not the only person in this world."
"Those who really work in Hollywood are people build suit, and he produces costumes that create props, and in some cases, make special effects and special effects," Mike explained. "
"He mentioned a lower support staff, and he worked behind behind."
"Mike Opelka called for the rich actors and directors that threatens the strike, warn that they hurt the other people in the industry."
"People like Rosie O'Donnell think that the movies and TV industry do not survive without them, they really don't know much."
"In any case, we don't need a bastard like you."
"We give them information, do this."


Number  38
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Share this: TwitterFacebook...”
“Then he cuts off all the lean meat and throws it away, leaving just the pieces of fat which he then eats individually with pieces of the crispy skin he peeled off.”
“Mead reportedly decided to resign because President Donald Trump hasn’t utilized her culinary talents even once the entire time he has been living in the White House.”
““It’s kind of crazy because Lisa is such a good chef,” said Kurt Reno, the White House aide who recommended Ms. Mead for the job.”
““But Lisa feels insulted because the President has ordered fast food for literally every single meal he’s eaten in D.C.”
“The only food related duty Lisa has done for the past six months is retrieve Trump s orders from drive through windows and scoop the President s ice cream from the carton Mr Trump s favorite fast food choices are...”
“...reportedly Kentucky Fried Chicken and McDonalds and he eats his fried chicken burgers and fries with a knife and fork according to a White House staffer who requested anonymity to avoid consequences from leaking about the President s eating habits...”
“...to the press...”
““It’s borderline creepy,” the staffer said.”
““The first thing Trump does with his fried chicken is pick off all the skin from every piece like he’s dissecting the chickens with a scalpel or something, and then he puts it all in a pile.”


"Share this: TwitterFacebook ..."
"Then he cut all the lean meat, throw it away, leaving his fat, and then he eaten with the crispy skin whose stripped."
"According to reports, Merd decided to resign, because Donald Turapping president did not even use her cooking talents, even he had been in the White House."
"This is a bit crazy, because Lisa is a good chef," Kurt Reno, White House Aide said Ms. Medica. "
"But Lisa feels frustrating, because the president has fast food for each meal eating in D.C."
"The only food-related responsibility Lisa has completed orders from windows to Trump from the windows in the past six months, and set the President's ice cream from the carton, the fast food selection of the victory is ..."
"
"... to news ..."
"This is the border of creepy", the employee said. "
"The first thing Trump and his fried chicken are picking out all the skin from every piece, just like a surgery knife or anatomy, then he put it all in one In the pile. "


Number  39
Source test case:  ['Satire']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“So while these voters are still diligently voting, it is very doubtful they are 112 years old.”
“These voters were automatically assigned a default birth date of 01/01/1900 in the state’s voter rolls.”
“While most voters who registered before NVRA did provide birth dates, some did not.”
“Prior to passage of the National Voter Registration Act (NVRA) in 1993, the state did not require those registering to provide their birth date.”
“The true explanation is much less exciting.”
“Neither, according to the State Board of Elections.”
“Have this many centenarians actually been voting in North Carolina, or is this a sign of voter fraud as some have asked?”
“In fact in 2008, almost 10,000 108-year olds cast ballots and just over 9,000 110-year olds voted in 2010.”
“Early voting began in North Carolina in October, and soon after almost 900 voters aged 112 reportedly cast ballots.”


"Although these voters are still tireless, it is very worthy of doubting that they are 112 years old."
"These voters automatically assigned the default date of birth of 01/01/1900 in the state voters."
"Although most voters registered before NVRa provide birth dates, some don't."
"Before 1993, the country did not require registration from the country in 1993 to provide its date of birth."
"The real explanation is not exciting."
"Nothing, according to the National Electoral Commission."
"There are so many centenaries to vote in North Carolina, or this is a sign of voter fraud, because some people have asked?"
"In fact, in 2008, nearly 10,000 people 108-year-old voting was in 2010 voted more than 9,000 110-year-old children."
"As early in October, I started early voting in North Carolina. According to reports, nearly 900 voters will vote after the 112-year-old vote,"


Number  40
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“In 1916, a deadly shark attack near Presque Ile beach, in Lake Eerie, made national headlines, forcing local authorities to ban swimming in the region for over 14 years until the ban was lifted in 1930.”
“U.S. Coast Guards reassured local residents that the occurrence of such a predator in the region’s waters “is highly unlikely” as sharks are not well adapted to freshwater systems.”
“According to authorities more than a hundred people reported missing in the area in the last decade may have fallen under the fangs of the gigantic beast, several local residents even suspecting its presence for a long time.”
““It is also possible it traveled to the region through underwater tunnels that interconnect between the Great Lakes,” he told reporters.”
“Either rising sea temperatures and depleted fish stocks possibly led the shark to adventure itself further into the Great Lakes region.” he admits, visibly puzzled.”
“Professor of biology at the University of Illinois, Allan Jameson said: “This is not common to find such a beast so far inland.”
“The great white shark estimated at more than 1.2 tons is the biggest fish ever caught in the region, believe experts.”
““I’d heard of the Lake Michigan monster, but never did I expect to catch it myself,” claims the 63-year-old Canadian tourist.”
““We reeled in the beast for a good 4-5 hours before my friend Allan finally shot it with a rifle and wounded it to the head” explains O’Keef.”
“Canadian tourist, John O’Keef and his friend from Chicago, Allan Brooks captured the 3,000-pound beast while fishing for sturgeon in Michigan Lake.”


In 1916, a fatal shark attacked near PARKQUE Ile Beach, so that the country's headlines, forcing local authorities to ban in the 14 years in 1930. "
"We. The Coast Guard guarantees local residents, which is" very impossible "in this regional waters, because sharks are not suitable for freshwater systems."
"According to the authorities, the authorities reported that the huge beast may have fallen in the past decade, and several local residents even suspect that it is a long time."
"He may also travel to the area through underwater tunnel, interconnect between lakes," he told reporters. "
"Whether it is rising seawater and exhausted fish, it may lead the shark to further risk into the Great Lake District." He admitted that it was obviously confused. "
"Alan James University Biology Professor, Jameson said:" This is a beast that has so far, is not common. "
"It is estimated that more than 1.2 tons of big white sharks are the largest fish that are caught in the region, believe in experts."
"I heard that Michigan monsters, but I hope to catch it," 63-year-old Canadian tourists claimed. "
"" In my friend Allen finally hit it with a step shot and hit it, I was involved in the beast in the beast, and hurt it "O'Keef explanation."
"Canadian tourists, John Obert and his friends from Chicago, Allen Brox captured 3,000 pounds of beasts while fishing in the squid in Lake Michigan."


Number  41
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Days before, his wife had posted a photo of the smiling couple wearing matching Eric Church shirts — Route 91’s headline act.”
“Melton “checked in” at the event on his Facebook page Friday night — and condolences flooded the post’s comments thread Monday.”
“The couple both worked at the Henry County Medical Center in Paris, Tenn. — he was a registered nurse and she is an orthopedic surgeon, the hospital said in a statement.”
“Sonny was the most kind-hearted, loving man I have ever met,” she added in a statement to radio station WCYB.”
“I don’t know what to say.”
““At this point, I’m in complete disbelief and despair.”
““He grabbed me from behind and started running when I felt him get shot in the back.”
““He saved my life,” Heather Gulish Melton told USA Today.”
“Sonny Melton, 29, was fatally gunned down protecting wife Heather from the hail of bullets shooter Stephen Paddock rained down on the Route 91 music festival, his wife said.”
“A nurse from Tennessee died saving his wife’s life in the mass shooting at a Las Vegas music concert Sunday night, according to reports.”


"The previous few days, his wife released a photo of a smiling couple in the Bull Eric church shirt - Title Act of 91 line."
"Melton" was signed on Friday night, "on his facebook page - and mourned the post on the post."
"This couple in the Henry County Medical Center in Paris, in Indian. - The hospital said in a statement that he is a registered nurse. She is an orthopedic surgeon."
"Sunny is the most kind, lover I have ever seen," she added it in the statement of the radio station. "
"I do not know what to say."
"At this time, I don't believe in and despair at all."
"" When I think he was shooting behind, he grabbed me to start running. "
"He saved my life," Heather gulish Melton told the United States today. "
"Sonny Melton, 29-year-old deadly shot to protect his wife Heather shot from the bullets Suthen Padlock on the 91st route, his wife said."
According to reports, a nurse in Tennessee saved his wife's life in the Volkswagen shooting of the Las Vegas concert. "


Number  42
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...drug for medical use in treatment...”
“A recent 2015 state wide study revealed that more than 60 of adults aged 21 and higher have tried crystal meth at least once and close to 40 of respondents believed crystal meth should be decriminalized as a schedule 2”
“The state of Missouri has led, for more than a decade, the nation in methamphetamine busts.”
““Teeth marks were found on the baby’s arms and legs but luckily he is unharmed” he acknowledged, visibly distraught by the whole affair.”
““Apparently, the baby sitter tried to cook the baby in the microwave oven but she was unable to do so, and was probably disoriented and lost consciousness moments later,” explained Sheriff Deputy Anderson James of the Jefferson County Police Department.”
“The 3-month-old child was found in the microwave, covered in barbecue sauce, and was rushed to Springfield’s Mercy Hospital where doctors do not fear for his life.”
““All I remember is that I started getting really hungry, ate some chicken wings and passed out” recalls the police officer, visibly traumatized by the latest events.”
““I just took a few hits because I was bored and wanted to stay awake,” she told Officer Robert.”
“The 16-year-old babysitter named ‘Anna Ritchie’, claims she had brought some crystal meth and only took a few hits before she became hungry and eventually lost consciousness.”
“Moments later, the parents made the gruesome discovery when the young mother saw something moving in microwave.”


"..." therapeutic drugs ... "
"Recently 2015 Global Studies have shown that more than 60 people at 21 years old and higher age have tried crystals, close to 40 respondents believe that Crystal Meth should be determined to be 9.S Schedule 2"
"The state in Missouri has been leading for more than ten years, the country in the thirtynethylamine bust."
"" The baby's arm and the legs found the teeth mark, but fortunately, he did not hurt "he admitted that through the whole thing, it was obviously worried."
"Obviously, the baby's nanny tries to boil the baby in the microwave, but she can't do this, and may lose the direction and lose consciousness," Jefferson County Police Bureau's public security officer Deputy Athon James explained. "
"I found 3 months old children in the microwave, covering the barbecue sauce, and rushed to Springfield's pity hospital, the doctor is not afraid of his life."
"I remember just I started to be hungry, I ate some chicken wings and fainted" Recalling the police, obviously trauma of the latest activities. "
"I just spent a few clicks, because I was bored, I would like to keep awake," she told Robert official. "
"The 16-year-old nanny is called" An Nari ", claiming that she brought some crystal methyl, only a few clicks, she became hungry, and finally lost consciousness."
"After instant, parents see that the young mother sees a difficult discovery when moving in the microwave."


Number  43
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“We rate this story Pants on Fire.”
“Such hoaxes that Delta or other airlines, including Southwest Airlines, have been giving away free tickets have circulated for years.”
“"Congratulations!”
“You have been selected to take part in our short survey to get 2 Free Delta Airline Tickets!”
“We only have 332 Tickets remaining so hurry up!"”
“...states the website Delta-Flying.info.”
“After we started our fact-check, the link was no longer in use and had been flagged as suspected phishing.”
“It is not an official Delta website.”
“Don’t take the surveys — these are all scams.”
“The story that said Delta Airlines offers free airline tickets for people who take a short survey is a scam.”


"We evaluate the pants of this story."
"These Sudan or other airlines (including Southwest Airlines) have been shipping, including Southwest Airlines, have been shipping."
"congratulate!"
"You have been selected to participate in our transient survey to get 2 free delta tickets!"
"We only have 332 tickets to have so rush!" "
"... Declaration website delta -flying.info."
"After we started the facts, the link is no longer used, and is labeled as suspected online fishing."
"This is not an official Delta website."
"Don't take a survey - these are scams."
"The story of Da Tak Airlines provides free airline tickets for people of scams."


**Something goes wrong**
“The young man could possibly be accused of criminal negligence causing death.”
“Investigators have not ruled out the possibility of filing criminal charges against the employee who caused his death.”
“The police have opened an investigation to determine the exact circumstances surrounding Mr. Johnson’s death.”
“...the right body...”
“We shut down the heating system but he was already dead Ms Davis claims that the young coworker who caused the accident was a new employee and had forgotten to check for the toe tag to make sure he had...”
“When we realised what was happening, it was too late.”
““At first, we didn’t understand where the sound was coming from.”
“Jenna Davis, one of Henri Johnson’s coworkers, says she heard him scream for about 15 seconds after the crematory was activated.”
“Before anyone could notice the mistake, he had already been exposed to temperatures ranging between 1400 to 1800 degrees Fahrenheit and reduced to ashes.”
“While he was sleeping, another employee mistook him for the corpse of a 52-year-old car accident victim and carried him to the crematory.”


"Young people may be accused of negligence caused by crimes."
"The investigators did not exclude the possibility of criminal allegations attributable to the employees who causing him to die."
"The police have opened an investigation to determine the exact situation of death around Johnson."
"... right ..."
"We closed the heating system, but he had died MS Davis claimed that the young colleague of this accident is a new employee, forgot to check the toe label to ensure that he has ..."
"When we realize what happened, it is too late."
"At first, we didn't understand where the voice came."
"Jenna Davis is one of Henri Johnson's colleagues, saying that she heard a scream of about 15 seconds after the crematorium was activated."
"Before anyone may pay attention to the error, he has exposed at temperatures between 1400 and 1800, and reduces the ashes."
"When he sleeps, another employee mistakenly thinks that the body of a 52-year-old car accident victim, let him bring to the crematorium."


Number  45
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...source:politicops.comCommentscomments...”
“It s so obvious I honestly find it hilarious But once the interviewer persisted in the search for a direct answer Bannon said Alright look that s the thing about marriage right you get to do all the things you re not supposed to in a relationship that s the...”
“According to Politico, Breitbart News chairman Stephen Bannon was charged with battery, dissuading a witness, and misdemeanor domestic violence in connection with a January 1996 incident in the couple’s southern California home.”
““I was wondering when this would come up,” Bannon told Politico.”
“It s been a while and given my current position at the head of Donald Trump s campaign I was curious to see how long it would take the Democrats to start digging around my past and try to find enough filth and misinformation to use as ammunition to bring...”
“...me down...”
“And while we’re on the subject, I’m actually disappointed; I honestly didn’t expect them to take this long,” he said laughingly.”
“Asked to comment on the validity of the charges against him, Bannon first attempted to circle around a direct answer to the question and said, “Well, look, you know things like these are orchestrated, right?”
“I mean, no one in their right mind would be looking to shoot down people that aren’t targeting them in the first place.”
“And the fact that this is happening right now, like, 20 years later, I mean, it’s just ridiculous.”


"... Source: politicalops.comcommentscomments ..."
"So obvious, I sincerely discovered that it funny but once the interviewer insisted on looking for the direct answer, it seems to be about marriage, you can complete your things in a relationship ..."
"According to Politico, Stephen Popan, Chairman Stephen Popan, is accused, discouraged witnesses, and with domestic violence related to the family in the San California in January 1996."
"I want to know this will appear," Bannon told the politician. "
"This is a period of time, in view of my current campaign in Donald Tu, I am very curious, see the democrats begin to dig past time, and try to find enough pollution and error messages to bring ..."
"... I am disappointed ..."
"Although we are on this issue, I am actually very disappointed; honestly, I didn't think of them for a long time," he laughed. "
"Require comment on his allegations, Bannon first tried a problem directly to answer," Okay, look, you know these is planning, right? "
"I mean, no one in their correct thinking will hit the people who are not in the first place."
"In fact, this happens now, like 20 years later, I mean, it is just absurd."


Number  46
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“ADADBut he has also targeted his classmates on the conservative media circuit.”
“Kashuv has echoed critics on the right that a focus on law-enforcement failures, not gun laws, is the way forward.”
“They are too naive and young to grasp the extent of how money, politics and policy intersect, the argument goes.”
“ADADGenerally, one form of criticism of González and fellow students such as David Hogg, 17, has focused on their ages.”
“Moynihan’s tweet keyed on an idea: Public moments by the Parkland students are being scrutinized and stretched to either bolster or tear down arguments on social media, built on the traditional debates made around the dinner table.”
“...and whose account has since been suspended...”
“Donald Moynihan a professor at the University of Wisconsin at Madison debunked the altered image saying in a tweet Just a sample of what NRA supporters are doing to teenagers who survived a massacre real picture on the right referencing a user named Linda NRA Supporter who posted the photo...”
“The pushback seems to have gained more traction than the original images, although that means the original images are also spread wider.”
“The still images, looking more sophisticated than the glitchy animation, went further, appearing to be taken as legitimate by some conservative-minded Twitter users.”
“ADADGab, the Twitter-like social network that is a popular refuge for the alt-right, tweeted the animation on Saturday to more than 100,000 followers, then hours later asserted it was “satire.” It racked up more than 1,200 retweets.”


"Adi he also aimed at his classmates on the conservative media circuit."
"Kashu responded to the critics on the right, the focus is the failure of law enforcement, not the gun method, is the direction of progress."
"They are too big, young people can master money, political and policy intersectings, the argument is."
"Adadgenerally, David Hurg, a form of criticism of 17-year-old Gonzalez and classmates is concentrated in their age."
"Moynihan's pusher is an idea: Parkland students are being reviewed and stretched into social media or dismantling social media arguments, and built traditional debates around the table."
"... Whose account has been paused ..."
"Donald Moynihan exposes the changed image in Madison Wisconsin University, in the essay, the NRA supporter's survivors survived in the big massacre in the right, called the people of Linda NRA support. Photo ... "
"It seems that there seems to have been more traction than original images, although this means that the original image is very wide."
"Still image, it looks more complicated than the animation of the drawing, further is further regarded as the legality of the twitter users who keep thinking."
"Adadgab, the introduced social network of Alt-Right's popular refuge, released this animation on Saturday, more than 100,000 fans, and then claimed to be" irony "several hours. It received more than 1,200 forwarders. "


Number  47
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The above-mentioned events are really worth witnessing if you really consider yourself a true fan of your favorite stars.”
“Though some of these artists may be known for their special kind of songs, they are actually rooted in all forms of music, and that is the reason you never get bored while listening to them continuously.”
“One out of them is, the very famous, San Antonio.”
“There are many such events to be held in the future.”
“And the biggest is — Monster Jam Seattle.”
“Don’t miss it and also, hurry up to buy Hamilton Chicago tickets.”
“In these articles, we will discuss some points on the concerts in San Antonio.”
“A large number of upcoming eventsIf you want to book the ticket, you should go right now.”
“Tickets are flying and the reason behind this is, there is a large number of upcoming events in the near future.”
“Some are far, but some are very close to happening, and nobody knows when the counter will say ‘Sold Out’.”


"If you really think that you are your favorite star's true fan, the above incident is really worthy of testimony."
"Although these artists may be known to their special songs, they are actually rooted in various forms of music, which is why you never feel tired when you are constantly listening to them."
"One is, very famous, San Antonio."
"There are many such activities in the future."
"The biggest is - monster jam Seattle."
"Don't miss it, don't hurry to buy Hamilton Chicago tickets."
"In these articles, we will discuss some points at the concert of San Antonio."
"You want to book a lot of upcoming activities, you should go now."
"Tickets are flying, and the reason behind it is that there are many upcoming activities in the near future."
"Some people are far, but some people have happened very close, no one knows the counter will say 'sell'."


Number  48
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The GOP presidential hopeful is scheduled to address California’s Republican convention on Friday.”
“...off the start of his California campaign on Thursday where he made a stop in Costa Mesa a semi rural farming community located in Orange County...”
“– GOP presidential front-runner and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Trump on Thursday unveiled his plan to ‘make the military great again,’ saying he intends to reinstate the draft as part of a larger effort to bolster America’s armed forces.”
““We’re bringing back the draft, okay?”
“We’re going to bring it back and were going to make America as strong as we were in the Sixties,” Trump declared while addressing supporters at the Pacific Amphitheater in Costa Mesa.”
““I love the Sixties,” said Trump, continuing, “I was a very big supporter of the Vietnam war and, of course, the troops.”
“No one supports the troops more than I do In addition to bringing back military conscription Mr Trump said that if elected he will enact legislation that will guarantee citizenship to anyone who serves in the armed forces for a...”
“...minimum of four years...”
““You have people coming into this country, coming over our borders, expecting a free ride.”
“We’re not going to give it to them, folks.”


The Republican President hopes to pay tribute to the Convention, California, and the Republic of China. "
"... On Thursday, his California's campaign, he stopped on the half agricultural community in Orange County in Costa Mesa ..."
"- Republican presidential runner and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Tuku announced his plan on Thursday," said that he intends to restore the draft to the greatest efforts of the Ballst US armed forces. a part of."
"We brought back the draft, ok? "
"We will bring it back and put the United States as powerful as possible," Trump announced when seeking supporters in the Pacific Round Theater in Costa Mesa. "
"I like the 1960s," Trump, continued, "I am a very important supporter of the Vietnam War, of course, the troops. "
"No one supported by the troops more than I brought back to the recruiting soldiers, if he is elected, he will promulgate the law, will ensure that the citizen serves the army ..."
"... for at least four years ..."
"You have entered this country, cross our borders, and look forward to free riding. "
"We won't give them to them, people."


Number  49
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Perhaps, before the UN lectures America and other nations for recognizing the rights of their citizens to keep and bear arms, it should look at its own failures to stop the ‘illicit firearms trade.’”
“Perhaps it’s time that Donald Trump remove the United States from the United Nations, an organization that does little more than take money from America and hands it to corrupt nations via poorly-run bureaucracies.”
“Many think they are hoping that the United States will help it to track (and likely, confiscate) firearms in the country.”
“According to some, the United Nations, an extremely corrupt international government organization with a long track record of failure and few (if any) successes to its name.”
“It appears that the agreement could also include ‘stockpiles’ owned by American citizens.”
“Apparently, American ‘representatives’ at the conference agreed to begin developing ‘legal frameworks’ (generally, laws and regulations) that will enforce “proper management” of “small arms and light weapons” stockpiles.”
“The Third Review Conference for the UN’s Programme of Action on Small Arms and Light Weapons concluded at the end of June.”
“'”However, the wording here is suspicious.”
“'”“‘Any measures enacted by the UN program would not infringe on Second or Tenth Amendment rights because they are inherently focused on illicit trade — not the legal trade within American borders that those amendments provide the basis for.”
“‘The trade being targeted in particular is dispersion/diversion — especially across borders — that fuels black markets and conflict in unstable regions.”


Perhaps, it should look at the failure of "illegal gun trade" should be taken before the United Nations lecture, the United States and other countries recognize their citizens.
"Perhaps Downer Drangpu is not only from the United States to make money from the United States, but also handed a corrupt country through bad bureaucratic agencies."
"Many people think they want the United States to help it track (and may confiscate) guns in the country."
"According to some, the United Nations, an extremely corrupt international government organization, a long-term record, very few (if any), has achieved its name."
"It seems that this agreement can also include" stock "of American citizens.
"Obviously," representatives "in the United States agreed to began to develop" legal frameworks "(general, laws and regulations) at the meeting, which will implement" small arms and light weapons "inability to manage."
"The Third Review Conference of the United Nations Technical Weapons and Light Weapons The third review meeting ended at the end of June."
"However, the wording here is suspicious." "
"" "" "" "" "" "The United Nations planned any measures will not violate the second or tenth revision rights, because they essentially focus on illegal trade - rather than legal trade within the US border, that is, these amendments "
"Especially mutual trade is dispersing / transfer - especially across boundary - conflicts in fuel black and unstable regions."


Number  50
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Ask Hillary Clinton publicly, during your next debate for an audit of all of the money they have stolen from Haiti.”Go to the 5 minute mark of the video to see Sansaricq’s comments to candidate Trump:Like this: Like Loading...”
“We welcome you sir and we will work with you.”
“For years the Haitians have been struggling and protesting outside the Clinton Foundation offices over the robbery.”
“The money taken was donated by the individuals and business directly to the Clinton Foundation, thinking they were going to receive aid.”
“However, the opposite it true.”
“The money never even made it to the poorest of the poor.”
“Now we have one man ready to testify against the corrupt Clinton Foundation in the upcoming week.”
“However, the 50 year old man, a former Haitian government official Klaus Eberwein, was found dead in his Miami home with a “gunshot to the head” that’s been ruled a “suicide” by the Miami-Dade’s medical examiner records supervisor.”
“Klaus Eberwein, a former Haitian government official who was expected to expose the extent of Clinton Foundation corruption and malpractice next week, has been found dead in Miami.”
“He was 50.”


"Open asking Hillariklington, in your next debate, their audit from all the funds from Haiti." Go to the video of 5 minutes to mark Sansaricq's comments as candidates Trump: Such comments So: I like to load ... "
"We welcome your husband, we will cooperate with you."
"Over the years, Haiti has been struggling and protesting outside the robbery Clinton Foundation."
"Personal and business donated money to the Clinton Foundation, think they will receive assistance."
"However, its opposite is true."
"This money does not even become the poorest population."
"Now we have a person who is preparing to testify the corrupt Clinton Foundation in the upcoming one week."
"However, the 50-year-old man is a former Haitian government official Claus Eber Weind, found in his Miami's home," gunshot ", medical examiner by Miami The record supervisor ruled "suicide". "
"Klaus Eber Wood officials who are expected to be in front of the front sea government officials who will discover death in Miami have been discovered."
"He is 50 years old."


Number  51
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Facebook is picking sides.”
“...pic.twitter.com/KHy5Qfykg6 — Gab: Free Speech Social Network (@getongab) December 8, 2017So Facebook shut down the story on Judge Roy Moore’s accuser.”
“Facebook is TRASH.”
“Breitbart wrote a similar post and it was also blocked by Facebook.”
“No one will be able to see our story on Facebook.”
“The far left website Politifact said our story was not accurate and Facebook the shut it down.”
“But after we posted the story this morning Facebook shut down our story.”
“The yearbook signature has been discredited as reported by ABC’s GMA this morning.”
“The statements were made by Beverly Nelson this morning.”
“TRENDING: FBI Arrests CDC Critic Dr. Simone Gold on Monday After She Was Filmed in the US Capitol Walking Around with a Bullhorn -- FBI Singled Her OutThe story is solid.”


"Facebook is picking up."
"... pic.twitter.com/khy5qfykg6 - GAB: Free speech Social Network (@getongab) December 8, 2017, Facebook closed the story of the Roy Moore's Accuser judge."
"Facebook is garbage."
"Breitbart wrote a similar post, it was also blocked by Facebook."
"No one can see our story on Facebook."
"The website policy on the left said that our story is not accurate, Facebook will close."
"If we release this story this morning, Facebook closed our story."
"This morning, ABC's GMA reported" Yearbook "signature has been rebuked."
"The statement of Beverlynier is made by Beverlynarson this morning."
"Trend: The Federal Investigation Bureau arrested CDC reviewers Simoninkin Dr. Monday. She was in her in the US Capitol. She was walking with a handwheel - FBI challenge her story is solid."


Number  52
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“As other non-major-party candidates have promised to do, De La Fuente has mounted several legal challenges for ballot access.”
“Roque “Rocky” De La Fuente is running as an independent and is on the ballot in 20 states.”
“Castle says this would likely require hiring professionals who often charge a few dollars for each signature.”
“To be on the ballot there required signatures from at least 3 percent of all votes cast in the state in 2012, or about 40,000 signatures.”
“Castle isn’t on the ballot in Oklahoma.”
““Those states are virtually impossible for a party like mine because they cost so much money,” Castle said.”
“Castle said his campaign has faced ballot access obstacles in California, Texas and Oklahoma.”
“Darrell Castle, the candidate for the Constitution Party, is on the ballot in more than two dozen states.”
“Getting ballot access can be hard for smaller campaigns with fewer resources.”


"As a candidate for other non-big party, DE LA Fuen has used several legal challenges to votes."
"Roque" Rocky "de la fuente is independent and on 20 state tickets."
"Castle said, this may require recruiting professionals, they will pay for each batch of dollars each time."
"At the voting rights, there are at least 3% of the votes in all votes in State, 2012, or the signature required for approximately 40,000 signatures."
"Castle is not in the vote in Oklahoma."
"These countries are almost impossible to send me such a party, because they spent a lot of money," the castle said. "
"Castle said, his campaign faces voting rights in California, Texas, and Oklahoma."
"The Constitutional Party's candidate Darrell Castle is on the ballot of more than 20 countries."
"The voting can be difficult for the smaller advertising series for less resources."


Number  53
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Share this on Facebook or Twitter SCROLL DOWN FOR MORE”
“Don’t slow down.”
“Jason Chaffetz, the Chairman of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, informed the committee that he had a meeting with President Trump who gave him permission to investigate whatever he wants.”
“Chaffetz also hinted that charges against Hillary could be happening soon.”
“Here is what Chaffetz said:“President Trump visited Philadelphia when we were at our planning and strategy session.”
“I went backstage with the President.”
“Here’s what he said: ‘You do a great job.”
“Listen, I understand I’m the president and you have a job.”
“You do the oversight.”
“Go after everything you want to go after.”


"Share this Scroll more on Facebook or Twitter"
"Don't slow down."
"Jason Chairman, Chairman of the US Housing Authority, informs the Committee, his meeting with Trump, he allowed him to investigate what he wants. "
"Chaffetz also suggests that the accusation of Hillary will happen soon."
"This is Chaffetz:" When we are planning and strategic meeting, President Trump visits Philadelphia. "
"I have returned with the president."
"This is what he said: 'You are doing very well."
"Listen, I understand that I am a president, you have a job."
"You have been supervised."
"Pursue everything you want to go."


**Something goes wrong**
“Stay tuned!”
“The staff at Freedom Crossroads is working diligently around the clock to bring you more details about the newest salacious tryst.”
“Pathetic.”
“And now we all know the REAL reason that the sad ex-FBI Director Comey is trying to attack Donald Trump… to impress his GIRLFRIEND!”
“Not exactly shocking, considering they’re two liberal sickos — and we all know, ANYTHING goes for them.”
“According to our exclusive sources, Comey and Wasserman Schultz met while both working for the government, and despite the fact that both of them are married, they couldn’t put aside their lust for each other and decided to have an affair.”
“These two dimwits were probably attracted to each other because they are both LOSERS who can’t accept defeat, but that doesn’t really differentiate them from the rest of the crybaby Democrat Party, now does it?”
“...in Heave errrrr Hell...”
“As we promised Freedom Crossroads has just learned the identity of the Democrat James Comey has been having an affair with for at LEAST the last 8 months it s none other than the DISGRACED former Chair of the DNC Debbie Whiny Democrat Wasserman Schultz talk about a match made...”


"stay tuned!"
"Free crossroads are working hard to work around the clock efforts to bring you the latest most easily insulting details."
"pitiful."
"Now we all know the sadfield director of the forefront of the Federal Bureau of Federation, try to attack DonaldTron's real reasons ... I have a deep impression on his girlfriend!"
"Considering their two liberal sickles - and we all know that they all know that anything is shocking."
"According to our exclusive source, Rehabilitation and Wasserman Schultz work for the government, although they are married, they can't leave their desires and decide to have some things."
"These two DIMWITs may attract each other because they are unable to accept lost losers, but this does not distinguish their remaining Democratic Democratic Party. Is this doing this?"
"... in Heave Errrrr Hell ..."
"When we promise the free crossroads just learned the identity of the Democrat James Mekong, at least in the past eight months, there is no except for DNC Debbie Whiny Democrats Wasserman Schultz talks about the predecessor of the game.


Number  55
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...photo by Gage Skidmore / CC BY-SA 3.0 / cropped & photo by Gage Skidmore / CC BY-SA 3.0 / cropped...”
“Rosenberg is a great place to find the hundreds of extras for our alien population and we re very excited about filming here Let us know what you think about this exciting news in the comments section below...”
“Local fans of the film series were understandably excited about the news and especially excited about the prospect of becoming an extra in the film after producers made this short statement released to the press earlier today We think that...”
“A casting call for extras will be announced well before that time period, however.”
“No details were released as to exactly when production would take place in the Rosenberg area but they stated that it should begin no later than this fall.”
“The undisclosed location near Rosenberg will represent a previously unknown planet in the Star Wars universe.”
“ROSENBERG, Texas – Reports out of Hollywood this morning are confirming that a portion of the next Star Wars movie will be filmed near Rosenberg, Texas.”


"... By Gage Skidmore / CC BY-SA 3.0 / Cropped and photo by Gage Skidmore / CC BY-SA 3.0 / Crop ..."
"Rosenberg is a good place, you can find hundreds of extraordaler populations, we are very exciting to let us know that you know the exciting news in the following comment section?"
"The local fans of the movie series can understand the news, especially excited, in the short-term speech that producers released to the media this earlier, we think ..."
"Before this time period, the additional pursuit call will be announced during this period."
"When is the production of the Rosenberg area, there is no detailed release, but they indicate that they should begin in the future."
"Unapproved location near Rosenberg will represent the previous unknown planet in the universe of the Star Wars."
"Rosenberg, Texas, for the Hollywood report this morning, part of the next star war movie will be taken near Rosenberg, Texas."


Number  56
Source test case:  ['Satire']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“I can’t believe I was friends with this guy and I literally would stay the night at his place when we were kids,” the former friend wrote.”
““It’s scary to know this psychopath has been in my house.”
“Another former pal described the sinking feeling he got from knowing he used to be buddies with Kelley, who on Sunday opened fire inside a Texas church, killing 26 people, including children and a pregnant woman, and injuring 20 more.”
““He was being super nagtive [sic] all the timd [sic].”Oddly, Kelley lists teaching vacation Bible school as volunteer experience on his LinkedIn page, and his wife, Danielle Shields, was previously a teacher at a Baptist church, according to the Mail.”
““I legit just deleted him off my fb cause I couldn’t stand his post.”“I removed him off FB for those same reasons!” replied Christopher Leo Longoria.”
““He was always talking about how people who believe in God we’re stupid and trying to preach his atheism,” wrote former classmate Nina Rose Nava in a Facebook post, according to the Daily Mail.”
“Texas church shooter Devin Kelley was a “creepy” atheist “outcast” who never fit in and berated religious believers on social media, according to former friends and classmates.”


"I can't believe that I have a friend and this guy, when our children wrote, I will leave at night."
"I know that this mental patient is terrible in my house." "
"Another friends who have known him from knowing that he is a friend with Kelley, he has opened fire in Texas in Texas on Sunday, including children and pregnant women, and hurt 20 years old."
"He is super 鍞 [SiC] all time [SiC]." Strangely, Kelley listed the teaching holiday Bible school as a volunteer experience on his Linkedin page, his wife Danielle Shields, before I was baptism The teacher of the church, according to the email. "
"" I just deleted my FB because I can't stand his post. "I delete his FB for the same reason! "Answer Christopuro Gulgaria."
"He is always talking about how people who believe in God is stupid, and try to creating his unsyardiac," according to daily mail, written in the front of Facebook Post. "
"According to friends and classmates in front, Texas Church of Texas is a" creepy "unstead of" falling ", he never suitable for religious believers on social media."


Number  57
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Speaker…You’re fired.”And that, as they say, is that.”
“He walked right over to the Speaker, refused to shake his hand and instead put a finger in his face and said:“Mr.”
“According to a statement released by Jeff Derpinger at the WHOIP:President Trump will no longer protect, defend or endorse anything the soon-to-be-former Speaker does, says or campaigns on.”
“The betrayal of Paul Ryan and his subsequent dismissal as an advisor to the president and his upsoming loss in the election in 2018 is his own fault.”
“Let this be a lesson to the rest of Congress: Donald Trump is your chief executive.”
“He deserves your support and respect.”
“Anything other than that will result in your removal from office by campaigning against you and in the best interest of the American people.”
“Only President Trump knows what it takes to win.”
“Fall in line or pack your bags.”
“Ryan s office has asserted that he can not be fired by President Trump but has also expressed remorse for the events that led up to the secret tape recently released by Breitbart Speaker Ryan was just as shocked as the rest of the world at Donald Trump s statement...”


"Spokesperson ... You were fired." That is like they said. "
He went to the speaker, refused to shake, but put his finger on his face and said: "Mr.. "
"According to Jeffmight's statement, who's WHOIP: President Trump will no longer protect, defend or beg the upcoming speakers, say or campaign."
"The betrayal of Paul Ryan and the consultant he subsequently as a presidential consultant and its losses in 2018 elections are his own fault."
"Let this are lessons in other parts of Capitar: Donald Trump is your CEO."
"He should get your support and respect."
"Anything other than this will delete the office through competition you and the Americans' best interests."
"Only Trump president knows what it needs."
"Falling in line or packing your bag."
"Ryan s office assertion, he can't be held by President Trump, but also expressed the legacy of the recently released secret tape recently released, and Ryan is shocked in the world of Donaldtron. .. "


Number  58
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Asked about their concerns, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he “doesn’t care” and plans to “completely ignore” the Democrats in the nomination process since “there’s nothing they can do” and he is “literally unstoppable.””
“Booker then called a ten-minute recess for him to refresh his supply of fake tears before he could continue.”
“...for the cameras but failing...”
“Not people who will bow to the whims of the Constitution pitting its extremist values of freedom of speech and freedom of religion against our agenda We re sick and tired of the Constitution sitting in the National Archives manipulating everything we do stated Senator Cory Booker trying to emote...”
““We need judges to be advocates of progressive laws,” Senator Elizabeth Warren added.”
“And it’s time for that to end.”Senate Democrats have vowed to make sure that any new nominee isn’t going to be beholden to outside influences like the Constitution, the founding fathers, or the rule of law.”
“These right-wing judges don’t think for themselves, they just do whatever the Constitution says.”
““And it’s always — always — the ones the Constitution is against.”
““Time and time again, we find progressive laws getting struck down,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a Senate address.”
“Constitution Senate Democrats announced Friday...”


"Inquiry their concerns, most leaders Mitch McConnell, said that he" does not care "and plans" completely ignored "Democratic Party in the nomination process, because" not they can do ", he is" the literal "."
"The gambler then called a ten minute to rest, let him refresh his currency supply before he continued."
"... for the camera but fail ..."
"No one sucked into the constitution, is committed to freedom of freedom of freedom with our agenda and the freedom of religious freedom. We are tired of sitting in national archives, manipulating everything we do. Every expression we do .. .... "
"We need judges to become an advocate of progressive law," Senator Elizabeth Renewal. "
"This is the time." The Senate Democrats vowed to ensure that any new nominees will be affected by the Constitution, the founder or the rule of law. "
"These right-wing judges will not come to themselves, they just do what the Constitution is said."
"" And always - forever - the Constitution is against. "
"Again, we found the progressive law of progressive law," Senate Minority Leaders Chak Shuler said in the Senate Address. "
"Constitution Senate Democrats announced on Friday ..."


Number  59
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“They can never just admit when they lost.”
“...time and money with a fruitless recount...”
“The Secretary of State s office has already announced that the election won t be certified until after the first of the year so the Democrat loser will have plenty of time to decide if he ll waste the taxpayers...”
“That could be a costly effort, estimated at nearly $213 million.”
“...himself...”
“Warmest regards Bethany Marie Palmaranian What that means for the Jones campaign is that it will now be on them to ask for a recount and since the margin is more than 01573 he ll have to pay for it...”
“Please feel free to inquire about the final 3 percent, which is fewer than 400 votes and can’t possibly change the outcome at this point.”
“Electoral Balloting Integrity to inform you that with 97 percent of that vote counted Justice Roy Moore now leads the race by 5014 votes...”
“RWR obtained a copy of the email sent to Breitbart confirming that Roy Moore is in the lead Dear Ferdinand In response to your question on the final count of provisional military ballots the Secretary has instructed the Division of...”
“The Alabama Secretary of State’s Division Of Electoral Balloting Integrity has begun sending emails to media outlets regarding the military vote count in the Roy Moore vs. Doug Jones Senatorial race.”


"When they lost, they never admitted."
"... time and money, no end ..."
"The Secretary of the National Office has announced that the election has won, until it has been certified after a year, so the Democratic Loser will have enough time to decide whether he will waste taxpayers ..."
"This may be an expensive effort, estimated nearly 213 million US dollars."
"......he himself......"
"The warmer greetings Bethany Marie Palmaranian this means that the Jones move means that it will now be re-included, because the margin exceeds 01573, he must pay it ..."
"Please feel free to ask the final 3%, less than 400 votes, it is impossible to change the results at this point."
"Election voting integrity notifies you, 97% of the voting count R鍗more will now bring games through 5014 votes ..."
"RWR got the copy of the email sent to Breitbart, confirming that Roy Moore in the leadership, dear Ferdinnad, to respond to your final count of the temporary military balloons, secretaries have indicated the Director of Director ..."
"The Director of the National Election of the Alabama National Election has begun to send a media outlet to the media website to the media website."


Number  60
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“Those men were about to be unleashed on the public for $40K each.”
“After running the men through facial recognition, they found more than a dozen suspected terrorists who are on the US no-fly list.”
“...vetting process...”
“We interviewed those who spoke English and were told that for 40K anyone can catch a ride to the United States on a ship nobody would ever suspect Immigration was immediately called and found that of the 460 people on board illegally not one had been through any kind of...”
“They were all Refugees from places like Yemen and Syria and not a single one had any kind of documentation.”
“Yes, people.”
“In the middle of the ship’s large manifest of containers, most of which were empty, we found 14 containing…people.”
“We honestly didn’t know what to expect, but what we found was simply…surreal.”
“BPA Harbormaster Jake Cummings explained to CNN:“We received a tip that the Clinton Foundation flagship, The Chelsea, was carrying illegal contraband into the United States.”
“The ship, which was supposed to be carrying “emergency supplies,” was actually carrying a cargo that had authorities stunned.”


"Those men will release $ 400,000 in the public."
"After the facial identification, they have found a man, they found more than a dozen people suspected of terrorists, they did not have a list of flight in the United States."
"... Review process ..."
"We interviewed those who talked about English, told that for 40K people can take the boat on the boat, no one will summon immigrants immediately, and find that no one has experienced anything in 460 people at the illegal board ... "
"They are also refugees in Yemen and Syria, rather than having any documents."
"Yes, people."
"In a large list of containers in the middle of the ship, most of them are empty, we find 14 people containing ...."
"We are honest and don't know what to expect, but we found only ... Surrealism."
"BPA Harbormaster Jake Cummings explained to CNN:" We have received a prompt that the Chelsinkon Foundation flagship flagship violates the United States. "
"The ship should carry" emergency supply ", actually carrying a shocked goods with authorities."


Number  61
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“He wants to be on TV and he wants everyone to thinks he’s important.””
“He’s just some egotistical, silly person whose main concern in life is getting a blowjob.”
“I don’t think he wants to be president, and I don’t think he has a chance to be the president.”
“I just think that he’s a silly reality-show bozo and blustering guy who likes getting attention.”
“Cyrus isn’t the only artist to lament a possible future with Trump as commander in chief: Red Hot Chili Peppers’ Flea recently told Rolling Stone, “I can’t take Donald Trump or anything he says seriously.”
“Trump...”
“...aintapartyindausaanymo A photo posted by Miley Cyrus mileycyrus on Mar 1 2016 at 6 32pm PST Cyrus Instagram then took aim at self proclaimed most hated woman in the world Rebecca Francis a woman who uses her social media to showcase her hunting prowess and the hunter s allegiance to...”
“A photo posted by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Feb 29, 2016 at 12:35pm PSTgonna vom / move out da country.”
“Donald Trump is a fucking nightmare!”
“On Wednesday, the Dead Petz singer continued lobbying against the GOP frontrunner with a photo of Trump’s delegate totals over Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio and a caption where Cyrus playfully threatened to move out of the country if Trump is elected and a hashtag #aintapartyindausaanymo.”


"He wants to be on TV, he wants everyone to think that he is very important."
"He is just some of his own stupid people, and their main concern is a blowjob."
"I don't think he wants to be a president, I think he has no opportunity to become a president."
"I just think he is a stupid realist show Bozo and carnival guy, they like to pay attention."
"Selus is not the only artist who may lament the possible future, because the commander is the chief: red pepper's flea recently told rolling stones," I can't accept DonaldTron or he carefully treated anything. "
"trump card..."
"... AINTAPARTYINDAUSAANYMO A photo published by Miley Cyrus Mileyrus 62 nights on March 1, 2016 PST Cyrus Instagram, then aimed at the world's most annoying woman in the world of Rececca, this is a social media using her social media. Show her hunting women and hunters ... "
"Photos released by Miley Cyrus (@mileyRus) on February 29, 2016 at Pstgonna Vom / Move out of the country's 12:35."
"DonaldTron is a fucking nightmare!"
"Last Wednesday, the deceased Petz singer continued to lobby the representative of the Republican party and Trump's representatives of Trump exceeded Tud Cruz and Marco Rubio's photos and instructions, in which Seles joked and threatened to promote the country. If Trump is elected and # label #aintaPartyindausaanymo. "


Number  62
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“It’s nice to know there are still places like this in America.”photo by David Shankbone / CC BY 2.0 / cropped...”
“So yeah, that’s my story about Rochester.”
“Murray added later, “You have to understand, this is something that would’ve never happened in L.A.!”
“I’m gonna move there after I retire, ” Murray said with a laugh.”
“I’m telling you, these people in Rochester are the real deal.”
“These guys had no idea who I was either which made my day, honestly.”
“Great freakin’ burger too.”
“...the finest dining spot in Rochester some place called Wild Willy s and get a burger...”
“So then the one guy finds out that I m not from there and offers to take me in to get lunch while my car is getting fixed and I m thinking Sure what the hell So we drove to...”
“...place nearby to get fixed...”


"I am very happy to know that the United States still exists this place." Photo by David Shankbone / CC from 2.0 / Crop ... "
"So, this is my story about Rochester."
"I added later:" You must understand, this is something that never happened in L.A. "
"I will move there after retirement," said Muri smiled. "
"I am telling you that these people in Rochester are real deals."
"These guys don't know if I am either, I am honest."
"Great" burger. "
"... Rochester's best dining room is called wild Willy, and gets Hamburg ..."
"Then the guy finds that I am not found there, and I will take me to have lunch when I get a repair, I think we are definitely what we drive ..."
"... Nearby places to get fixed ..."


Number  63
Source test case:  ['Satire']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“Source:the-postillon.com...”
“India is to pay for their flights.”
“I had to act.”Further criticism is to be found on the President’s Twitter account:He also tweeted:The White House has announced that Indians will be given a three month period in which to leave the country.”
““That means they are here illegally.”
“You can’t trust these Indians.”President Trump consulted with the appropriate members of the government and found that most Indians do not possess the relevant immigration documents.”
“Horrible attacks on good Americans using hatchets or bows and arrows.”
“He claimed, “I’ve seen it in all kinds of TV documentaries.”
“In an interview with Fox News, President Trump described Indians living in the USA as lawless warriors with a history of attacking and killing US citizens.”
“He is to sign an executive order to this effect this week.”
“Washington (dpo) – As part of his plan to improve national security and combat illegal immigration, US President Donald Trump intends to send around 3 million American Indians back to where they came from – India.”


"Source: -postillon.com ..."
"India is to pay their flights."
"I have to take action." The further criticism will be found in the President's twitter account: He also pushes: White House announced that Indians will get three months to leave the country. "
"This means they illegally here."
"You can't believe these Indians." Trump President Trump and the appropriate member of the government found that most Indians did not have related immigration documents. "
"Use ax or bow to a good American terrorist attack."
"He claims," 鈥嬧婭 saw it in various TV documents. "
"In an interview with Fox News, President Trump will live in the United States's Indians as a unableful warrior with historical attacks that attack and kill the American citizens."
"He is signed this week to execute the command to this."
"Washington (DPO) - as part of improving national security and combat illegal immigration programs, US President DonaldTron is intended to send approximately 3 million US Indians back to their places from India."


Number  64
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The inspector general referred him, Page, and three other people to the FBI office that handles disciplinary action.”
“...hurt Trump s odds like leaking the existence of the Russia probe before the election...”
“Photo Pete Marovich Bloomberg via Getty Images Peter Strzok the FBI agent who sent anti Trump messages to a colleague while leading the investigation of Hillary Clinton s emails and Russia s involvement in the Trump campaign has said he s willing to testify before the House Judiciary Committee or...”
“...any other committee that wants to talk with him...”
“This could lead to dramatic hearings, as Strzok could expose more information about those probes, and is central to President Trump’s effort to discredit Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation.”
“Reports last week indicated that House Judiciary chairman Bob Goodlatte was preparing to subpoena Strzok as part of the House investigation into the FBI’s conduct during the 2016 election.”
“Strzok s lawyer Aitan Goelman said in a letter to Goodlatte released Sunday that the move would be unnecessary as Strzok intends to voluntarily appear and testify before your committee and any other Congressional committee that invites him The letter noted that Strzok cooperated fully with the DOJ inspector general...”
“...who issued a report last week that was highly critical of the agent...”
“In the lead-up to the 2016 election Strzok and former FBI lawyer Lisa Page, who were having an affair, exchanged anti-Trump messages on their FBI-issued phones.”
“In one, Page asked if Trump might become president and Strzok replied, “No.”


"Inspector generally mentioned him, page and three other people handled disciplinary action to the FBI office."
"... The possibility of harming Trump is like leaking the existence of Russian detectors before the election ..."
"Photo Pete Marovich Bloomberg sent anti-Trump information to the FBI agent of the colleague through the Getty Picture Peter Strzok, and the participation of Hillary Clinton's email and Russia participated in Trump campaign, said he is willing to testify before the House Judicial Council. or..."
"..." Want to talk to any other committee to talk ... "
"This may lead to drama hearing, because Strzok may find more information about these probes, and is the core core of Trump's president efforts to rule the investigation of Special lawyers Robert Muller."
"The last week report shows that Bob Goodlatte, the Judicial Justice President is preparing to refer to Strzok as part of the House survey of FBI behavior in 2016."
"Strzok S Lawyer Aitan Goelman said in a letter that this move was released on Sunday, because StrZok intends to appear and testified before the Committee and any other Congress committee, and those who invited his letter and DOJ inspector fully cooperated. of..."
"... Who has released a report last week, which is very criticized for the agent ..."
"In 2016, the LISA page of the Former Federal Investigation Bureau is elected in 2016, they exchanged anti-princes message on the mobile phone issued by its federal investigation."
"In one, according to the question mark If Trump may become the president, Strzok replied," no. "


Number  65
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Prosecutors and defense lawyers are arguing over whether one of the three drugs used in the process, called midazolam, constitutes "cruel and unusual punishment" because it fails to render inmates unconscious before two other drugs are injected.”
“Legal battles are underway in a number of states, including Arkansas and Ohio, over the constitutionality of controversial lethal injection methods.”
“Like his fellow death row inmates, it isn't likely Roof will be executed anytime soon.”
“After the federal death penalty was suspended by a 1972 U.S. Supreme Court decision, it was brought back 16 years later and three people have since been executed under it.”
“Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, who a jury in 2015 recommended be put to death, remains in a federal lockup in Colorado, where officials say they can better handle his "unique" security arrangements.”
“Three inmates have been on death row since 1993 — drug gang members Richard Tipton, James Roane Jr. and Corey Johnson, who were convicted of killing nine people to protect their crack trade.”
“Read more about the lethal injection controversy hereAs of Feb. 9, there were 62 federal inmates on death row, according to the Death Penalty Information Center.”
“Others include murderer and drug trafficker Raul Garza and Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh.”
“Roof is now among the long list of well-known criminals who have spent time in the Indiana facility.”
“He also pleaded guilty to nine counts of state murder charges on April 10.”


"Prosecutor and national defense lawyers are debating three drugs in the three drugs used, called midazolam, constitute" cruel and unusual punishment ", because it is not aware before the other two drugs Unatumest. "
"The constitutionality of the controversial fatal injection method, including Arkansas and Ohio, including the legal battle of Arkansas and Ohio."
"Just like his death prisoners, it is unlikely to implement the roof soon."
"In 1972, the US Supreme Court decided to suspend the federal death penalty, it was brought back in 16 years, and the three have been implemented."
"Boston Bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is recommended by 2015 recommended to stay in the federal locks of Colorado, officials said they can better deal with his" unique "security arrangements."
Since 1993, "Three Prisoners" has been in death - Pharmaceutical members Richard Tipton, James Roane Jr. And Corey Johnson, he was sentenced to nine people to protect their crack trade. "
"According to the death penalty information center, understand the hatred debate against the difficulty of fatal injection of difficult disputes in February 9."
"Others include murderer and drug trafficking Raul Garza and Oklahoma city bomber motorcycle McVeigh."
"The roof is now in the long list of long-known criminals in Indiana."
"He also defended the nine national murder accusations from April 10."


Number  66
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“- Patrick Jones -Sports Writer/!\ Report AbuseCreate a Prank...”
“We will keep you updated on any potential developments.”
“If in fact this game is cancelled it would be a disappointment to fans and alumni alike.”
“...program further by subjecting our already mediocre team to a game that would further humiliate the morale and enthusiasm of our student body...”
“When asked why they were considering canceling the game a spokesman for the UF Athletic Department stated Though both programs are struggling this year dealing with injuries and academic disciplinary action there is no need in embarrassing the UF Athletic...”
“...against the Florida State Seminoles...”
“UF requests to cancel Rivalry game against FSU Friday 22 January 13521 Shares Plagued by yet another atrocious season along with the firing of their head coach the University of Florida Gators are looking to cancel their annual rivalry game...”


"- Patrick Jones -ports Writer /! \ Report Abusecreate A prank ..."
"We will let you update any potential development."
"If in fact, this game is canceled, then the fans and alumni are like a disappointment."
"... By further shame our students' morale and enthusiasm for the team to further humiliate our students ...
"When asked why they consider canceling the game, although these two programs struggled in this year's harm and academic behavior, they were working hard, there is no embarrassing United Nations campaign .. .... "
"... confrontation against Florida's Seth ..."
"UF requires cancellation of FSU competition games 1 3521 on January 22, the stock plague another terrible season and their coach shot of Florida University Peter crocodile is seeking to cancel their annual competition game ..."


Number  67
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“In this particular situation, that’s was what was attempted.””
“...have someone attempt to make financial gain from his mistakes...”
“In doing that I know I m going to hurt the people closest to me who I ve talked to and apologised to them being my wife and my kids and you know it s a shitty moment Hart then explained that he had chosen to fess up rather than...”
““I’m not perfect, I’m not gonna sit up here and claim that I am in any shape or form, and I made a bad error in judgement,” he told his followers.”
“In an Instagram video, Hart said that, though he had never claimed to be perfect, he had recently put himself “in an environment where only bad things would happen”.”
“A day before this tragic incident, comedian Kevin Hart posted a candid social media message confessing that he made a “bad error in judgement” which recently led to an undisclosed individual making an extortion attempt against him.”
“Drugs and alcohol were not factors in the crash, police said.”
“The undisputed king of comedy, as at the time of filing this report, remained in critical condition at MountainView Hospital in Summerlin, police can confirm.”
“Metro Police said 38-year-old US comedian and film star Kevin Hart, was driving faster than the 25 mph speed limit while going north on Spring Gate Lane about 8:20 a.m today.”
“According to the police, Hart lost control of his car and went off the east side of the road and his car crashed head-on into a guardrail while he was driving at a high speed.”


"In this special case, this is an attempted thing." "
"... Some people try to commit financial benefits from the mistake ..."
"In doing this, I know that I will hurt my people, I talk about what I apologize with my wife and my children, you know that it is Sa Shitty's Tag Hart and then explains that he chose himself. Not ... "
"I am not perfect, I won't sit here and claim that I am in any shape or form, I have issued a bad mistake in the judgment," he told him followers. "
"In an instagram video, Hart said, although he has never claimed that it is perfect, he has recently" "in an environment where there is only a bad thing."
"Before this tragic incident, Comedy actor Kevin Hart released a frank social media message, admit that he recently led to a" judgment "that he did not extortion in the extortion of him."
The police said: "Drugs and alcohol are not factors when crashing."
"The King of Unlavable Comeds, is still in the critical situation in Summer Summer in Summer Summer,"
"The subway police said the 38-year-old American comedian and movie star Kevinhart, the speed limit of 25 miles / hr in Beiking in North Beijing, 8:20 am."
"According to the police, Hart lost the control of his car, walked out of the east side of the road, when his car hit a guardian, he drove high-speed."


Number  68
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“That is with 90% extremely negative coverage for President Trump!”
“Again….”
“President Trump’s approval number is at 47% according to Rasmussen today.”
“...poll...”
“President Trump 45 President Obama 44 President Reagan 44 TRENDING FBI Arrests CDC Critic Dr Simone Gold on Monday After She Was Filmed in the US Capitol Walking Around with a Bullhorn FBI Singled Her Out On June 9 2010 Barack Obama s approval number was 46 on the Rasmussen...”
“And that is with 90% negative coverage from the far left mainstream media.”
“President Trump’s approval is now at 45%.”
“According to the latest FOX News poll President Donald Trump has a better rating than Presidents Obama and Reagan at the same point in their presidencies.”


"This has 90% of President Trump's president very negatively reported!"
"once again鈥."
"According to Rasmussen today, Trump president's approval number is 47%."
"...polling..."
"President Trump 45 President Obama 44 President Restructuring 44 Trends Federal Investigation Gold Federal Investigation Gold Federal Investigation Bureau arrested CDC Critics Arrested CDC On Monday in the US Capitol, the US Capitol, Dr. US Capitol, The approve number of the Barack Obama, which is selected in the handfint, June 9, is 46 Las Musen ... "
"This is a 90% negative coverage of far left mainstream media."
"President Trump is approximately 45%."
"According to the latest Fox news, DonaldTron President has a better rating than President Obama and Chairman."


Number  69
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The Associated Press contributed to this report.”
“He decided, instead, to stay in class for about 20 minutes doing homework after his teacher and fellow classmates left and locked the door.”
“Jacob Shoemaker, a senior at Hilliard Davidson High School, said he didn’t want to take sides in the gun-control debate consuming the country.”
“If he went outside for the walkout, he said, he would be supporting gun control.”
“If he stayed in the common area of the school, he said, he would be seen as supporting gun violence and disrespecting the 17 lives lost in the Parkland, Fla. High school shooting the month before.”
“Jacob had met with the school’s principal on Tuesday, a day before the rally, for about an hour to find out what exactly the walkout was supporting.”
“But he said the principal reportedly told him it was for the students to express themselves COLLEGE STUDENT KICKED OUT OF CLASS FOR TELLING PROFESSOR THERE ARE ONLY TWO GENDERS This left Jacob wondering if it was a memorial for the lives lost or a show of support for gun...”
“...control...”
“When they returned, he was slapped with a suspension.”
““He didn’t ask for this.”CHICAGO STUDENTS ALLEGEDLY TRASH WALMART DURING NATIONAL SCHOOL WALKOUT PROTESTThe district says it's responsible for students' safety and they can't be unsupervised.”


"The relevant press release has contributed to this report."
"He decided to stay in the classroom for about 20 minutes, after his teacher and classmates left and locked the door."
"A senior Jacobs, Hilde Davisen High School, said that he did not want to consume the country's debate in the firearms control debate."
"If he went to the outside strike, he said he will support gun control."
"If he stays in the public area of 鈥嬧媡he school, he said he will be considered to support gun violence, do not respect 17 lives in the park, Fla is listed. High school shooting prior to January."
Jacob met with the principal of the school before Tuesday, and about an hour of the time to find a strike. "
But he said that the principal tells him that his students will express their students, tell Professor only two people left 路 Jacob want to know this is a lost monument missing monument or a memorial gun. .. "
"...control..."
"When they came back, he was paused."
"He did not ask this." "Chicago students suspected of trash Wal-Mart who traced the strike protest against the national school, indicating that this is responsible for the safety of students, they can't supervise."


Number  70
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“As is done every year the FDA convenes this panel to consider the recommendations made by the World Health Organization WHO regarding the composition of influenza vaccines for the Northern Hemisphere and to help the FDA select strains for next season s flu vaccines in the U S WHO has...”
“Looking ahead to the 2018-2019 flu seasonWhile this scientific work is underway, the composition of next season’s flu vaccines will be the subject of an FDA advisory committee meeting March 1, 2018.”
“The data show that overall vaccine effectiveness for H1N1 and influenza B was 67 percent and 42 percent, respectively, for all age groups combined.”
“The vaccines did do much better for other viruses that are also causing the flu this season.”
“...even lower...”
“Of note the effectiveness of the vaccine against H3N2 in children 6 months to 8 years of age was 51 percent this season yet the effectiveness in those 65 years and older was only 17 percent and the effectiveness in older children and adults under 65 years of age was...”
“While that finding isn’t too far off from the vaccine effectiveness seen against H3N2 in previous years, we need to take new steps to improve vaccine efficacy against H3N2.”
“Overall, preliminary vaccine effectiveness reported by Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for H3N2 influenza was 25 percent, which means that people who received the vaccine were 25 percent less likely to be sick and need to see a doctor.”
“We’re taking steps to investigate each of these potential causes, rule out possible reasons for the variation in effectiveness and improve vaccine efficacy against H3N2.”
“Reduced effectiveness of 2017-2018 seasonal vaccines against H3N2There are a number of theories on why this season’s vaccines produced reduced effectiveness against H3N2.”


"As is completed every year, the FDA allows this panel to consider the Suggestions of the World Health Organization on the composition of the northern hemisphere flu vaccine, and help FDAs choose patients in the next season's flu vaccine ..."
"The scientific work in the 2018-2019 influenza season is in progress, the composition of the flow of flu vaccine next season will be the theme of the FDA Advisory Committee meeting March 1, 2018."
"Data shows that all age groups combine, H1N1 and influenza B validity is 67% and 42%, respectively."
"The vaccine is really better for other viruses in this season."
"... even lower ..."
"Note that the vaccine is 51% of the 6-month-8-year-old Children's H3N2, but the 65-year-old and above the age of 65 is only 17%, and the age of more than 65 years old and the effectiveness of adults have been "
"Although it has been found in the past few years, it has not been too far from the vaccine against H3N2, but we need to adopt a new step to improve the vaccine efficiency of H3N2."
"Overall, the preliminary vaccine validity (CDC) of the disease control and preventive center report is 25% for H3N2 flu, which means that people who accept vaccines are less likely to be smaller, need to see doctors."
"We are taking steps to investigate these potential reasons, specify the possible cause of effectiveness, and improve the efficacy of H3N2 vaccine."
"Decrease 2017-2018 Seasonal vaccine has many of the theoretical seasonal vaccines, and why the vaccine of this season has reduced the effectiveness of H3N2."


Number  71
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“(Proverbs 15:18)”
“Welcome to politics in America.”
“...a paper that has officially endorsed Jones has actually been bribing people to dig up dirt on Moore...”
“We ve had people back home telling us they are getting phone calls and when they would tell them good things the Washington Post would ask them if they knew anything bad on him Well her story continues to be corroborated as witnesses have come forward saying the Washington Post...”
“Kayla Moore, Roy Moore’s wife, in an exclusive statement to The Activist Mommy yesterday, told us that “The Washington Post has been calling and harassing our friends and family, trying to find garbage.”
“Buckle up RINOS…time to meet a real man!”
“Roy Moore will win big!”
“The establishment doesn’t want Roy Moore, a man who can’t be bought or bribed, to pull up their political skirts and overturn their tables of corruption and greed!”
“Consider how suspicious this is – a woman comes forward 39 years later with a vicious never-before-made accusation – and how is one suppose to defend oneself and prove it is a lie 39 years later?”
“Like a club or a sword or a sharp arrow is one who gives false testimony against a neighbor.”


(Proverbs 15:18) "
"Welcome American politics."
"... A official recognition Jones's paper is actually bribe people in Moore excavation of dirt ..."
"We have returned home to tell us that they are answering the phone, when they tell them that Washington post will ask their good things, if they know his good things, her story continues to be proven, because witnesses have said Washington Post "
"Kayla Moore, the wife of the Roy Moore tells us at the exclusive statement of the active mother yesterday," Washington Post has been calling and harassing our friends and family, trying to find garbage. "
"Drake Rinos ... Time to meet a real man!"
"Roy Moore will win!"
"I don't want ROY Moore, a man who can't buy or bribe, pulling up their political skirt and overthrowing their corruption table and greed!"
"Consider this is how doubt - a woman launched a vicious never-ending allegation after 39 years - and how to assume it to defend himself and prove this is a 39-year-old lie?"
"Just like a club or sword or sharp arrow, it is a testimony for neighbors."


Number  72
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...that define the history of human identity and the often humorous struggle of how they cope in the age of mass mediation...”
“Unlike the paparazzi photo where the actual real celebrity is caught on film in a frozen moment in time Jackson s productions where the likenesses are recognisable use the celebrity aura to address a deeper universal lineage the archetypal characters...”
“...social commentary which has its historical roots in artist William Hogarth strips away the veneer of PR and hype that prop up the celebrities that come under her scrutiny...”
“In this way my productions charged with desire have become more real than the real life model they are based on evolving into a mental image rather than a direct record of reality Jackson s staging her subversive form of...”
“This whole projective process is further exaggerated by our capacity for fantasy and the inherently titillating nature of the image of a celebrity like Marilyn in flagrante.”
“However, what we actually do is create a narcissistic circle where we assert our control over the object of desire: we transform our celebrities into what we want.”
“‘At best, a photograph of a celebrity reproduces something authentic only at the very moment the shutter clicks’ says the artist ‘yet we have been teased into giving these moments an absolute and unquestioned authority.”
“Jackson’s productions stress-test the implicit belief that a photograph can capture a frozen moment of ‘truth’.”
“...of media icons such as Diana Princess of Wales the Queen of England Marilyn Monroe George Bush Brad and Angelina and David Beckham...”
“Her notorious photographic portraits life like sculptures films and videos are startlingly realistically staged affairs that cast uncannily styled actors into an entirely fathomable projection of a future that could have been or the intimate often salacious imagined private moments...”


"... Determine the history of human identity, and how they should deal with the humor struggle of the large-scale mediation era ..."
"Different from the Pagazzo photo of the papass, in Jackson's frozen time grabbed the Movie's Capachel camera, where the portraits identified, you can use the celebrity's aura to solve the crazy blood character. ..... "
"... Social Comment, it is separated from the historical roots of the artist William Hokyers from the public relations and hype, which makes the celebrity proposed in her review ..."
"In this way, the production of my production desire becomes more real than the real life model, and they are based on the evolution into a mental image, not the direct record of the real Jackson, temporarily survive her subversive form ... "
"This entire projection process has been further exaggerated by our ability to illusion and Maryline's own stimulus in the lanter's heart tree."
"However, we do actually create a circle of narcissism, where we assert our control of the desire object: We turn our celebrities to what we want."
"Best, a celebrity photo is only in the artist to laugh at these moments at the moment of the shutter."
"Jackson's production pressure - test photos can capture the implied belief of the" truth "freezing time."
"... Media icon, such as Wales Diana Princess, British Marino Mori, Bush Brad, Angelina and David Beckham ..."
"She is not a stony sculptience movie and videos such as a shocking realistic stage, so that the actors who are not in the body have cast a complete future projection, which may or intimate The obscene imagination private time ... "


Number  73
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The Criminal Division’s Office of International Affairs has provided significant assistance in this matter.”
“Attorneys David I. Salem and Michael T. Packard of the District of Maryland, are prosecuting the case.”
“Here is the Statement Below An indictment against a former co president of a Maryland based transportation company that provides services for the transportation of nuclear materials to customers in the United States and abroad was unsealed today for his alleged role in a scheme that involved the bribery of...”
“OIG and Assistant Director in Charge Andew W Vale of the FBI s Washington D C Field Office as mentioned in the DOJ statement...”
“The team members are Acting Assistant Attorney General John P Cronan of the Justice Department s Criminal Division Acting U S Attorney Stephen M Schenning of the District of Maryland Principal Deputy Inspector General April G Stephenson of the U S Department of Energy s Office of Inspector General DOE”
“The hard working and honest DOJ team, under Jeff Sessions, made the announcement yesterday.”
“...contracts with TENEX KUDOS to the Trump era DOJ American s can trust...”
“The charges stem from an alleged scheme to bribe Vadim Mikerin a Russian official at JSC Techsnabexport TENEX a subsidiary of Russia s State Atomic Energy Corporation and the sole supplier and exporter of Russian Federation uranium and uranium enrichment services to nuclear power companies worldwide in order to secure...”
“And it stems from Russian collusion in the Obama-era.”
“...of violating the FCPA two counts of wire fraud and one count of international promotion money laundering This is serious...”


"The Office of the Criminal Department provides significant assistance in this matter."
"Lawyers in Maryland David I. Salem and Michael T. Packard are prosecuting."
"The following is the following statement, prosecuting a prosecution of a Maryland transport company in Maryland, the company provides services for customers in the United States and foreign customers, today's suspected in the bribery program, This ... "
"International Plant Washington" OIG and Assistant Assistant Directors and Doj Declaration in Washington State, Florida, F Vale of FBi ... "
"Team member is a board of directors of Stephen Misstis Sisti Szsis Misstis Sisti Szsis Sistaning, Acting Assistant Law Firm Judicial Justice Justice Justice Judicial Justice Justice , Deputy Committee of the Office of the US Energy Administration Committee Committee Committee
"Under the Jeff meeting, the hard work and honest Doj team released this news yesterday."
"..." with the Tenex Kudos contract to Trump Time Doj American S can trust ... "
"The charge is from the suspected plan to bribe Vadim Mikerin A Russian officials in JSC Techsnabexport Tenex, is the only supplier and exporters of Russian Agency's subsidiaries, Russian Federation uranium and uranium concentration services to global nuclear power companies. .. "
"It comes from Russia collusion in Obama era."
"... violates the two wire fraud and one international promotion of money, which is serious ..."


Number  74
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“SOURCECommentscomments...”
“Not now,” Clovis concluded.”
“...doesn t seem to have any of those credentials...”
“He has never taken science as part of his graduate course and questions the legitimacy of climate change.”
“Although he has a doctorate in public administration and taught business and public policy at Morningside College for ten years, he barely published any academic work.”
“Clovis had made a reputation for himself as a conservative talk radio show in Iowa and an avid Trump supporter.”
“When asked to comment on his credentials in a recent interview with KYXL Radio Clovis who is currently working as the senior White House advisor within the USDA argued that he was proud he didn t have any scientific credentials or education because scientists are nothing more than a bunch...”
“...of mislead individuals anyway Asked to elaborate he said that he was glad to be working in the Trump administration but that he was at the same time disappointed as to where he was assigned...”
““While I can certainly appreciate President Trump’s reasons for placing me at my current position, at the same time I can’t help but feel as though my abilities are being severely misused here,” he said.”
““I do not agree with anything these people are trying to do.”


"Academic Committee ..."
"Not now," CLOVIS concluded. "
"... seems to have any credentials ..."
"He has never scientifically scientifically like his graduate course and proposes the legality of climate change."
"Although he is at the Ph.D. in public administration and the commercial and public policy of Morning College, he has almost no academic work."
"CLOVIS is a conservative talk broadcast exhibition in Iowa and fanatic Trump supporters."
"When he was asked to comment on the KYXL Wireless WiTron Corvust, who was recently closed in the US Department of Agriculture, he thought he did not have any scientific certificate or education for him, because scientists were just a bundle..."
"... no matter how misleading people ask for details, he is very happy to work in the Trump government, but he is disappointed with his place to be distributed ..."
"Although I can use the reason I will appreciate the reasons for the victory, I am in the current position, but I can't help, but I feel like my ability is seriously abused here," he said. "
"I don't agree with anything that these people want to do." "


Number  75
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Source...”
“Checks will start arriving in the mail Friday.”
“You, your wife and your children will all be receiving a stimulus bonus of $612 each to spend however you see fit inside the United States.”
“The program, called “Tax Relief For Deserving Americans,” will give nothing to those who choose not to work, people in prison or illegal aliens.”
“People on welfare in good standing with work programs or job training will receive an extra $25 in bonus food stamps instead.”
“The White House Communication and Propaganda Office released a statement about the program and how it will impact the economy While deciding how to distract the American people from the nonsense being reported by the fake news media about world events and interior politics President Trump was reminded of hoiw...”
“...much everyone enjoyed the money George W Bush handed out from the surplus left over from the Clinton administration...”
“Mr. trump has decided people would rather focus ion spending some money than the nonsense on the “news,” and has therefore authorized the release of $612 each for every legal American from a working family.”
“Democrats are already crying because the people who will receive their chunk of the $153 billion program don’t necessarily need the money that could be spent buying them votes from deadbeats who like free stuff.”
“They also don’t understand how the program will be paid for.”


"source..."
"The check will begin to arrive at Friday."
"You, your wife and your child will receive $ 612 of the stimulus bonus, but you think you think inside the US."
"It is worthy of" levy tax reduction "worth Americans, will not give people who choose not to work, prisons or illegal foreigners."
"Welfare and Work Plan or Vocational Training Welfare People will receive an extra $ 25 of a bonus food voucher."
"The White House Communication and Propaganda Office issued a statement on the program and how to influence the economy, and decide how to spread the US people's nonsense's nonsense reports about world activities and indoor political President Trump reminded. ..... "
"... everyone has enjoyed the money left from the remaining George W Bush left by the Clinton Authority ..."
"Mr. Trump has determined that people prefer to put ions on ions, rather than" news ", so they authorize every legal person to give each legal person to receive $ 612."
"The Democrats are already crying, because people who receive a $ 153 billion plan do not necessarily cost money, spend money from the dead soy dance as a free thing."
"They don't understand how the plan will pay."


Number  76
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“You’re a real piece of work.”
“Not while my God still relies on me to do the right thing.”God Bless you, Kim Davis.”
“Just not in my building.”
“...down the street...”
“Davis is expected to return to her job in the Clerk s office where she can now refuse to issue marriage licences to gays and not worry about it becoming a national scandal Davis said I told them all along I didn t care if they went to the county...”
“She’s the perfect candidate for a Trump pardon, and that’s exactly what she got.”
“She’s a conscientious freedom fighter who wouldn’t stand by while her rights were trampled and her very existence threatened.”
“A criminal is the farthest thing from what she is.”
“With her record cleared, she no longer has to check in with anyone or list herself on job, volunteer and credit applications as a criminal.”
“Davis has been seeing a probation officer monthly since the incident nearly two years ago now to prove she’s in compliance with the judge’s orders.”


"You are a real job."
"Not my God still relies on me to do the right thing." God bless you, Jin Davis. "
"It's just not in my buildings."
"......on the street......"
Davis is expected to return her work in the staff office. She can now refuse to marry the marriage license to homosexuality, not worrying it is a national scandal Davis saying that I told them that I have been telling them I didn't care. county..."
"She is a perfect candidate for Trum Pasta, which is what she has."
"She is a free fighter who is doing full, and her rights are trampled, and her existence threats will not threaten."
"Crime is the farthest thing she is."
"With her records, she no longer needs to be in the job, volunteer and credit application as a crime as a crime or by anyone yourself."
Davis has seen a probation official once a month in the beginning of the incident in nearly two years ago, to prove she abide by the command of the judge. "


Number  77
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
““They’re just laying on my feet during tea,” Meghan replied, laughing with the prince.”
“This one walks in and absolutely nothing, just wagging tails,” the Queen’s grandson said in a BBC interview in November, gesturing to Meghan.”
“Related: Royal wedding 2018: What we know so far“I spent the last 33 years being barked at.”
“PHOTO: STF/AFP/Getty ImagesMore recently, Prince Harry’s fiancée Meghan Markle appeared to have won over the beloved canines.”
“PHOTO: Anwar Hussein/Hulton Archive/Getty ImagesQueen Elizabeth II with her corgis in 1969.”
“The royal couple have also owned "dorgies" -- a cross between a dachshund and a corgi.”
“Such was Queen Elilzabeth’s attachment to Susan, she reportedly took the dog on honeymoon with Prince Philip in 1947.”
“Since then, she has owned dozens of the breed, known for its distinctive short legs and standing-up ears.”
“She received Susan as a gift after becoming attached to her father King George VI’s corgi called Dookie, the Daily Mail reported.”
“PHOTO: PA Wire/APWhile the Queen still reportedly owns several other dogs, Willow was the only remaining descendant of Susan, the original corgi given to then-Princess Elizabeth on her 18th birthday in 1944.”


"During the tea, they just lying on my feet," Mecca replied, laughing at the prince. "
"This person said in a BBC interview in November:" This is just a rock tail, "said the Queen said in an BBC interview."
"Related: 2018 Royal Wedding: So far, what we know" I was roaring in the past 33 years. "
Photo: Recently, StF / AFP / GETTY ImageMore has recently, Harry's Fianc茅emeghanmark seems to have won your beloved dog song. "
"Photo: Anwar Hussein / HULTON Archive / Getty Imageen Elizabeth II with her Cojes in 1969."
"Royal couple also have" Dagris "- Dakotha and Koji cross."
"This is the attachment of Queen Ilizale Susan. She is reported that she has a dog with Honeymoon with the prince of Philip in 1947."
"From then on, she already has dozens of varieties, known for their unique short legs and erect ears."
"When the post is reported on the post, she will be a gift as a gift into Corgi, George Virginia."
Photo: Pa Wire / Apwhile still has several other dogs, willow is the only Susan, Susan, the original Corizabo in 1944 18th birthday. "


Number  78
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Baio had no known connection to the Clintons — Trey Gowdy is investigating.”
“The plane fell nearly 1400 feet to the basin below where very little was recognizable.”
“Scott Baio, 56, was killed when the single-engine Cessna he was in crashed into the side of a hill in Louisiana.”
“Baio was headed to Mar-A-Lago to barbecue shrimp and play gold with President Trump.”
“Baio’s wife, Raylene, wasn’t on the plane but was checked into St Timothy’s on a suicide watch after the news sent her into a breakdown.”
“Spokesmen for several actors who wouldn t be caught dead in a film with Baio said that he was really special as Chachi and he sure did do a nice job with Charles in Charge Baio wildly successful as an actor since the ripe age of 13 says he saved...”
“...every dime he ever made so he could live the lavish lifestyle of jetting across the country to golf with famous and powerful people...”
“Unfortunately that ended with a net worth of about 3 5 million and a whole lot of that was tied up in that nice house of his so Baio was forced to go Cessna instead which only would have gotten him there slightly faster than that new Kia Sorento he...”
“...s been sporting...”
“Baio will be missed by many.”


"Baio does not contact Clinton - Trey Gowdy is investigating."
"The basin below the aircraft is nearly 1400 feet nearly 1400 feet."
Scott Baato, 56 years old, when he fell into the hillside on one side of Louisiana, he was killed. "
"Baio went to the Mar-a-Lago team to the barbecue and played with Trump President."
"BAIO's wife raylene did not be on the plane, but after the news was collapsed, they were checked on the suicide watch of St Timothy."
"Several actors' spokesperses were caught in a movie with Baio, saying that he is really chachi, he does have a good job in Charles team in Chartion Baio, because 13 years old mature Since the age, Charles Baio is crazy. Save ... "
"... Every generation of corners of him have done, so he can spray the golf lifestyle of the famous and powerful people throughout the country ..."
"Unfortunately, the net worth about 30 million tower is net, which is shaped in him, so he is forced to go to Western, but only let him slightly slightly slightly than the new Kia. Sorrento faster him ... "
"... S has been in sports ..."
"BAIO will be missed by many people."


Number  79
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“...any matters from which I have recused myself to the extent they exist...”
“Consistent with the succession order for the Department of Justice Acting Deputy Attorney General and U S Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia Dana Boente shall act as and perform the functions of the Attorney General with respect to...”
““This announcement should not be interpreted as confirmation of the existence of any investigation or suggestive of the scope of any such investigation.”
““I have taken no actions regarding any such matters, to the extent they exist.”
““Having concluded those meetings today, I have decided to recuse myself from any existing or future investigations of any matters related in any way to the campaigns for President of the United States.”
“I should recuse myself from any matters arising from the campaigns for President of the United States...”
“...impartiality might reasonably be questioned I would consult with Department ethics officials regarding the most appropriate way to proceed During the course of the last several weeks I have met with the relevant senior career Department officials to discuss whether...”
“Attorney General Jeff Sessions today issued the following statement During the course of the confirmation proceedings on my nomination to be Attorney General I advised the Senate Judiciary Committee that i f a specific matter arose where I believed my...”


"... Anything I have encountered is what they exist ..."
"The inheritance of the Ministry of Justice Minister of Justice is in line with the lawyers of Dana Born, Virginia, should serve as the generals of the lawyer ..."
"This announcement should not be interpreted as aware of any survey or implies any such survey. "
"I have no measures in the range of them." "
"Today, these meetings have been completed, and I decided to disubate any existing or future investigations from any of the issues of any matter from the US Presidential Campaign."
"I should get anything from the US presidential campaign to reuse yourself ..."
"... fair may reasonably sessile I will consult the most appropriate way I have received in the past few weeks, I discussed whether I encountered the senior professional department officials discussions .... .. "
"Lawyers issued the following statement during the confirmation process of the nomination authorization, I suggested the Senate Judicial Committee, that is, I think I believe in my specific event ..."


Number  80
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Jehovah’s Witnesses, who are known for door-to-door preaching and handing out literature, reject some of mainstream Christianity’s core beliefs and have more than 8.3 million members around the world...”
““The property of the Jehovah’s Witnesses organization is to be confiscated to the state revenue.”A lawyer for the justice ministry, Svetlana Borisova, told the court adherents “pose a threat to the rights of the citizens, public order and public security”.”
““The Supreme Court has ruled to sustain the claim of Russia’s ministry of justice and deem the ‘Administrative Centre of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Russia’ organization extremist, eliminate it and ban its activity in Russia,” said judge Yuri Ivanenko.”
“Its decision will come into effect within 30 days unless an appeal is lodged, when it will be delayed until the resolution of the case.”
“The Supreme Court was deciding on a claim lodged by the Russian ministry of justice to liquidate the group’s administrative centre near St Petersburg and 395 local organizations.”
“The case could be taken to the European Court of Human Rights, which ruled a previous attempted ban on Jehovah’s Witnesses in Russia unlawful in 2010.”
“The ruling, which affects more than 100,000 Jehovah’s Witness worshippers across Russia, is a serious breach of Russia’s obligations to respect and protect religious freedom.”
“Russia’s Supreme Court ruled on April 20, 2017 that the Jehovah’s Witnesses organization should be closed down and no longer allowed to operate legally in Russia, Human Rights Watch said today.”
““As this is an infringement of your fundamental human rights, I therefore urge you to seek asylum in the United States until your rights are fully reinstated.” – Trump urged.”
“Trump went on to invite all Jehovah’s Witnesses in Russia to seek asylum in the United States until their religious rights are reinstated in Russia.”


"The Lord's witnesses are known for the door to preach and send a literature to reject some of the core beliefs of the mainstream Christianity, and have more than 83 million members around the world ..."
"" The property of the Lord Witnesses will be confiscated to national income. "The Lawyer of the Ministry of Justice tells the Court to claim" the rights of citizens, public order and public safety "."
"The Supreme Court ruled to maintain the claim of the Russian Ministry of Justice and considered the Elimist of the Russian Jehovala's witness to eliminate it and banned in Russia," said Jurni Ivana.
"Unless the appeal is proposed, its decision will take effect within 30 days, otherwise it will be delayed before the solution."
The Supreme Court determined the claims made by the Russian Ministry of Justice to close the Group's administrative center near St. Petersburg and 395 local organizations. "
"The case can be brought to the European Human Rights Court, the court ruled in 2010 in Russia in Russia's witnesses."
"The ruling affecting Russia more than 100,000 Words and China witnesses is a serious violation of Russia respect and protect religious freedom."
"The Supreme Court of Russia is ruled on April 20, 2017. The Lord's witnesses should be closed, no longer allowed to be legally operated in Russia, and human rights watches said today."
"Because this is infringement of your basic human rights, I urge you to seek shelter in the United States until your rights are completely recovered." - Trump urged. "
"Trump continues to invite all the Lord to seek asylum in the United States until their religious rights are restored in Russia."


Number  81
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...it by keeping their weapons Democrats like Rep Swalwell are enemies of the Constitution and enemies of We the People The Rest HERE”
“This would leave millions of assault weapons in our communities for decades to come Instead we should ban possession of military style semiautomatic assault weapons we should buy back such weapons from all who choose to abide by the law and we should criminally prosecute any who choose to defy...”
““Reinstating the federal assault weapons ban that was in effect from 1994 to 2004 would prohibit manufacture and sales, but it would not affect weapons already possessed,” Rep. Swalwell wrote in his op-ed for USA Today.”
“...personally deems reckless and unnecessary...”
“Not content to simply impose a fresh ban on all new assault weapon purchases which in and of itself is unconstitutional Rep Swalwell actually wants to see door to door gun confiscation teams engage in Nazi style removal tactics in order to rid the streets of all firearms that he...”
“Rep. Swalwell even goes a step further, insisting that those who refuse to hand over their “assault” weapons be criminally prosecuted – including law-abiding gun owners who have never been convicted of committing a crime with their legally-purchased weaponry.”
“Representative Eric Swalwell from California’s 15th District wrote that all so-called “assault” weapons need to be banned, and that a federal gun buy-back program needs to be instituted in order to effectively collect them all from the citizenry.”
“...by: Ethan HuffNaturalNews.comMonday, May 07, 2018A California Democrat was recently given a platform by USA Today to publish a shocking editorial that calls for nationwide confiscation of all “military-style semiautomatic assault weapons” from law-abiding citizens.”


"... It is the enemy of the Constitution and the enemy of the constitution and the enemy of our rescue by maintaining their weapons.
"This will leave millions of assault weapons in our communities. For decades, we should ban the semi-automatic attack weapons of military styles. We should buy these weapons to all people who choose to comply with the law. We should criminal complaints. India chase people defy ... "
"" Restore the federal infringement of the disease in 1994 to 2004 will prohibit manufacturing and sales, but it does not affect the weapons already owned, "Svalve writes in his US OP-ED today."
"... personal thinks reckless and unnecessary ..."
"Not satisfied with all new attack weapons purchase, it itself is the representative of violating constitution, actually hopes to see the guns to participate in the demolition strategy of the Nazi style, so that you can get rid of all the streets of all guns ... "
"Svalvere even further, insisted that those who refused their" attack "weapons were criminally prosecuted - including unconfirmed obligated gun owners and legally purchased weapons committed crimes."
"The representative of Eric Swalwell from California wrote that all the so-called" assault "weapons needed to be prohibited, and the federal gun repurchase program needs to be developed to effectively collect all these in citizens."
"...... by: Ethan HuffnaturalNews.commondayay, May 07, 2018, May 07, 2018, recently gave a platform on May 7, 2018, today is a shocking editorial, called for The national call for "military semi-automatic attack weapons" on legal citizens is confiscated. "


Number  82
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“H/T: Extra News Feed...”
““I know that all Ms. Barr wants to do is make America great again and kudos to Fox for keeping that hope alive.”“Roseanne” will air on Monday nights at 8:00pm on the Fox Network starting in September.”
““Big news for ‘Roseanne’ fans and everyone who enjoys ‘black’ humor,” tweeted the president on Tuesday night.”
“President Donald Trump, who had called Ms. Barr earlier in the year to congratulate her on the success of her show, and who uses Fox programming to promote his administration’s policies, was thrilled to hear that “Roseanne” would be coming to his favorite network.”
“...immediate condemnation on social media from all moderate voices but cheers among Fox s white supremacist fans...”
“And we know our audience of narrow minded unsophisticated bumpkins will welcome her just as enthusiastically In her vulgar post Ms Barr wrote that Valerie Jarrett an African American adviser to President Barack Obama was the offspring of the muslim brotherhood planet of the apes The abhorrent tweet met with...”
““The controversy regarding Ms. Barr’s racially charged Twitter message, as well as her bigoted attitudes, are just some of the reasons we’re happy to welcome her to the Fox family.”
““We’re excited to announce that ‘Roseanne’ will be coming to Fox this fall,” said Brian Sullivan, Fox Networks Group president and COO.”
“Advertisement – story continues belowJust hours after ABC canceled its hit sitcom “Roseanne” due to an ugly racist tweet by its controversial star, Roseanne Barr, the Fox Network said it would be picking up the show.”
“After ABC cancels Roseanne Barr’s hit show in response to her stunning racist tweet, the network of bigots comes to the rescue.”


"H / T: Additional news feed ..."
"I know that Ms. Barr wants to do it, once again let the United States become Fox to keep vitality." "Roseanne" will be in the morning of September at 8:00 am. "
"Roseanne" fans' big news and enjoy the black "humorous person", pursue president on Tuesday night. "
"President DonaldTron has called on Ms. Bell to congratulate her exhibition in the year. Who used fox program to promote his government policy, very exciting, heard the" Rosen "future to his favorite people "
"... immediately condemned from all medium-sound social media, but cheers in the white supreme fans of the fox ..."
"We know that our audience narrow and understanding of bumps will welcome her in her vulgar post. Her vulgar post is Barak Obama's African American consultant is a disgusting of ABSHIM brothers. Puwen and ... "
"" Ms. BART is the Twitter news for Barr's race, as well as her huge attitude, just we welcome her to the fox family. "
"We are very happy to announce that" Roseanne "will come to Fox in the fall of this fall," Brian Sullivan said, the president of the Fox Network Group and COO. "
"Advertising - Due to ugly stars, Roseanne Barr, Fox Network said, ABC canceled its ugly racist Tweet, so after the ABC canceled its Hit Sitcom" Roseanne ", the story continued to be less than a few hours.
"After the ABC cancels the hit performance of Roseanne Barr, in response to her amazing racism, the paranographic network will rescue."


Number  83
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
““How can this be a sound policy?””
“...and work permits and so forth he said...”
“In protesting the Trump administration’s policies toward illegal immigration, liberal commentators and writers have been embracing the idea of gutting the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency, which identifies, arrests and deports illegal immigrants inside the United States.”
““This is a growing position on the left, and I imagine 2020 Democratic presidential aspirants will have to grapple with it,” liberal writer and MSNBC host Chris Hayes tweeted.”
“In January, the idea was endorsed by Brian Fallon, a former top aide to 2016 Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, and Eric Holder, President Barack Obama’s attorney general.”
“The Daily Caller first drew attention to the calls.”
““ICE operates as an unaccountable deportation force,” Fallon tweeted.”
““Dems running in 2020 should campaign on ending the agency in its current form.”Thomas Homan, the acting director of ICE, has reacted to these calls by Democrats by saying they should speak to victims of illegal immigrant crime.”
“These politicians they need to talk to the victims of alien crime talk to the parents that I talk to that lost children at the hands of criminal aliens Homan said Thursday on Fox News Tucker Carlson Tonight But the idea has picked up steam in recent days after Hayes...”
“...the MSNBC host asked Democratic California Sen Kamala Harris if she believes ICE should exist...”


"" How can this be a sound policy? ""
"... and work permit waiting for him to say ..."
"In the policy of protesting the government's policy of illegal immigrants, liberal reviewers and writers have been establishing ideas aimed at shaping US immigration and customs law enforcement agencies, the agency identified, arrested and expelled in the United States illegal immigration."
"This is an increasing position on the left. I imagine that the Democratic President's volunteers will have to catch it," the liberal author and the MSNBC host Chris Hust swear. "
"January, this idea was obtained by Brian Fallon, which is the 2016 Secretary of German Democrats Clinton and Eric Obama's lawyer Eric Holder."
"Daily caller first caught an appeal."
"" Ice is an unable to explain the force "," Ruitton Sustera. "
"2020 DEM should be camped in the form of its current situation." Thomas Homan, director of the Ice Agent, said that the Democrats responded to these phones, through indicating that they should speak with the victims of illegal immigrants. "
"These politicians need to talk to their parents with the victims of foreigners, I talk to the crime of sinful parents, criminal aliens Homan in Fox News Tucker Carlson said tonight, but the last few days of ideas have picked up steam Hayes ... "
"... If she thinks Ice should exist ..."


Number  84
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“0Commentscomments...”
“George W. Bush left a piece of mirror and a rolled up hundred.”
“Bill Clinton left one of his saxophones.”
“William Howard Taft left his giant bathtub.”
“...as every president is allowed to leave one thing in the White House that must never be touched by future presidents...”
“In that regard I have commissioned this statute with plans to have it permanently erected in the entryway of the White House so that all who enter can remember me fondly The statue will not be allowed to be removed...”
“I have created something that no future president will be able to do.”
““I have created a legacy that should not be diminished.”
““I have been president for only eight years, and in that time, I have done what no other presidents could do in all their time in total,” said Obama.”
“The president says that his legacy “should not be diminished,” and that this is the only way he can “keep an eye” over Trump, as well as future presidents.”


"0CommentsComments ..."
"George W. Bush left a mirror and rolled up one hundred."
"Bill Clinton left one of his saxophonici."
"Williamhro Draff leaving his huge bathtub."
"... Because each president is allowed to leave a thing in the White House, this must be moved forever from the future ..."
"In this regard, I have already entrusted this statute, and I plan to permanently erect it in the entrance to the White House, so that any people can remember that my statue will not be allowed to be deleted ..."
"I created some things that the future president can do."
"I created a legacy that should not be reduced. "
"I have been the president of eight years. At that time, I have completed other presidents can be done in all the time," Obama said. "
"The President said that his legacy" should not be reduced ", this is the only way he can" pay attention to "Trump and future president."


Number  85
Source test case:  ['Satire']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“SOURCE:”
“President Trump doesn’t mess around.”
“The alleged file on Franken includes things like pushing entitlement programs that are meant to give away free stuff for votes and adultery.”
“With Schumer out of the way it will grow even stronger.”
“It doesn’t matter how many more votes the Dems get, the GOP continues to grow stronger.”
“One of these days the Democrats will realize they can’t keep up with the winning strategy of the Republican party.”
“No more of this pussyfooting around with majority votes and filibusters…either get in line of get out.”
“Not only does he get rid of a huge political opponent, he shows America that our elected officials can be compromised and forced to do as they’re told.”
“This was a great move by Trump.”
“Rather than face the backlash and vindictive response from the Trump administration to his requests to play ball, Franken will resign, deny all of the allegations and spend the next 7 1/2 years under investigation by Trey Gowdy.”


"source:"
"President Trump is not chaotic."
"The so-called documents of Frank include promotion of authorization programs, which is the freedom to push and investigate vote and adultery."
"It will become more powerful with Shu Mer."
"How many comparison tickets in Dems get in DEMS, GOP continues to be stronger."
"One of this day will realize that they can't keep up with the Republican winning strategy."
"In most ballots and discrimination, there is no more cats ... either enter a line."
"He not only gains a huge political opponent. He said that US, our elected officials may be affected, forced to do because they were told."
"This is a great move in Trump."
"Instead of facing the thorough and retaliation reaction from the Trump government, the handball held to his held, Franken will resign, denied all the allegations, and spend the future 7 One 1/2 years old. "


Number  86
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“How many other dirty tricks will be exposed?”
“The last, Marcos Ramos, is a U.S. citizen and faces up to 13 years in prison for election fraud.”
“All but one of the men were “undocumented” immigrants from Mexico, San Salmos, and Puerta Gorda.”
“This is, of course, similar to a situation in California on Election Day 2016 when illegal aliens were busted trying to vote for Hillary Clinton.”
“This is typical of Democrats: when even fake news about Moore “molesting” a young woman fail, they try to cheat.”
“Investigators determined that the men were responsible for “dozens of fake votes” around the state and officials are working to invalidate those votes as we speak.”
“Police arrested 10 of the men and three were able to run to safety before police grabbed their friends.”
““The same men were also seen in Smithfield, Birmingham, La Croix, and Mobile and were reported as suspicious by voting officials.”Members of the State Election Integrity Board began investigating the group of men at around 9 a.m. and tracking them around the state.”
““Law enforcement stopped the vehicle at Santa Recto Middle School in Wilmington as 13 Hispanic men were seen piling into a van after voting,” the Santa Recto Observer reported Tuesday afternoon.”
“According to the Birmingham Press, polling officials caught what appears to be a “van full of illegals” who traveled to at least 7 polling locations with fake identification to vote for Moore’s opponent Doug Jones.”


"How many dirty skills will it be exposed?"
"Finally, Marcos Ramos is a US citizen, and most of the 12 years old in the election fraud."
"In addition to immigration from Mexico, Samus and Puertada, everyone outside of the man is" unlicensed "immigrant."
"Of course, this is similar to the situation in the 2016 Election Day in California, at the time, at the time, attempts to vote for Hillariklington."
"This is a typical thing of the Democrats: When even fake news about Moore" harassment ", they tried to cheat."
"The investigators are determined that these people are responsible for countries and officials are working hard to invalidate these ballots."
"The police arrested 10 men, three can be safe before the police seized their friends."
"In Smithfeld, Birmingham, Lacricks and Mobile also saw the same person, and was reported to be suspicious." Members of the National Election Complete Committee began to investigate the crowd around 9 am and tracked them. . "
"The law enforcement personnel stopped the vehicle of Wilmington Santa Middle School, because 13 Hispanic Americans were challenged into a van after voting," Santa Claus directly observed reports on Tuesday afternoon. "
According to the Birmingham's press, the voting official seized seeming to be a "illegal category", and they brought at least 7 voting stations to vote to Moore Dow Jones voted to Moore. "


Number  87
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...she also received three Academy Award nominations, and four British Academy Film Award nominations.”
“Her film breakthrough was followed by her starring role in Peter Jackson’s The Lovely Bones for which she was awarded a Critics’ Choice Award, a Saturn Award, and a second BAFTA Award nomination for Best Actress.”
“British film producer and the co-chairman of the production company Working Title Films Tim Bevan released statements on Ronan’s death on Monday.”
“Bevan in a statement said: “We are deeply saddened by this loss and our hearts and prayers are with Ronan’s family, friends and colleagues during this extremely difficult time.”
“She was 23.”“Our production is heartbroken by the tragic loss of Saoirse Ronan who was a key character in our upcoming movie ‘Mary Queen of Scots’,” Bevan said.”
““Ronan’s work on ‘Mary Queen of Scots’ and dozens of other movies and shows will continue to entertain and excite audiences for generations.”
“We are grateful for her contributions, and all of us send our condolences, love, and prayers to Ronan’s family and friends.”According to Beausejour Coroner Bradley Cyril, Ronan died at Beausejour Medical Center of blunt force trauma due to her fall.”
“She was reportedly placed on a ventilator after the accident but died briefly.”
“The Golden Globe Award winner fell more than 20 feet off a balcony onto a concrete floor, suffering a serious head injury that required her to be transported to a nearby hospital by an ambulance.”
“Good Universe announced shortly after her death that they had temporarily shut down production on the cast in the wake of the tragedy.”


"... she also won the nomination of three college awards, four British college movie award nominations."
"After her movie breakthrough, her breakthrough in Peter Jackson's starring role was a nomination of the Best Activity of the Best Activity in She was awarded the Critic Selection Award, Saturn Award and the Second BAFTA Award."
"The co-chairman Tim Bevan, the common chairman of the Journal of British filmmaker and the production company, released the statement of Luo Nan's death."
"In a statement, Bevan said:" We deeply feel sad about this loss, our hearts and prayers and the family, friends and colleagues in Luo Nan are extremely difficult. "
"She is 23 years old." Our production is a key character of Saoirse Ronan's tragic loss. He is a key personality in the upcoming movie "The Queen of Scotland", "Bevan said."
"Luo Nan's work in the" Scottish Queen of the Scottish team "and dozens of movies and showing the proxy that will continue to entertain and excite. "
"We are very grateful to her contribution, all of us sent our mourning, love and pray to the family and friends of Luo Nan." According to Bomer Ruran, Cyril, Ronan died because of her autumn Beausejour medical center in blunt wound. "
"According to reports, she was placed on the ventilator after the accident, but she died shortly."
"The Golden Earth Awards are more than 20 feet from the balcony on a concrete floor, suffering from the serious head, asking her to be transported by ambulance to nearby hospitals."
"The good universe announced shortly after her death, they temporarily closed the production production after the tragedy."


Number  88
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The above-mentioned events are really worth witnessing if you really consider yourself a true fan of your favorite stars.”
“Though some of these artists may be known for their special kind of songs, they are actually rooted in all forms of music, and that is the reason you never get bored while listening to them continuously.”
“One out of them is, the very famous, San Antonio.”
“There are many such events to be held in the future.”
“And the biggest is — Monster Jam Seattle.”
“Don’t miss it and also, hurry up to buy Hamilton Chicago tickets.”
“In these articles, we will discuss some points on the concerts in San Antonio.”
“A large number of upcoming eventsIf you want to book the ticket, you should go right now.”
“Tickets are flying and the reason behind this is, there is a large number of upcoming events in the near future.”
“Some are far, but some are very close to happening, and nobody knows when the counter will say ‘Sold Out’.”


"If you really think that you are your favorite star's true fan, the above incident is really worthy of testimony."
"Although these artists may be known to their special songs, they are actually rooted in various forms of music, which is why you never feel tired when you are constantly listening to them."
"One is, very famous, San Antonio."
"There are many such activities in the future."
"The biggest is - monster jam Seattle."
"Don't miss it, don't hurry to buy Hamilton Chicago tickets."
"In these articles, we will discuss some points at the concert of San Antonio."
"You want to book a lot of upcoming activities, you should go now."
"Tickets are flying, and the reason behind it is that there are many upcoming activities in the near future."
"Some people are far, but some people have happened very close, no one knows the counter will say 'sell'."


Number  89
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Allred’s accuser is nothing but a fame-seeking fraud.”
“Photo credit: CNNNelson admitting that she added to Moore’s alleged signature is the final nail in the coffin.”
“77 Olde Hickory House is in blue ink...”
“The signature says To a sweeter more beautiful girl I could not say Merry Christmas Love Roy Moore DA 12 22 77 Olde Hickory House Strangely To a sweeter more beautiful girl I could not say Merry Christmas Love Roy is written in black ink while Moore DA 12 22”
“CNN published photos of the signature showing two different inks.”
“Following The Gateway Pundit’s viral story on Judge Roy Moore’s alleged signature inside accuser Beverly Young Nelson’s yearbook, more evidence suggested it was a forgery.”
“And in case you missed it… The Gateway Pundit has previously posted on the several discrepancies with Beverly Nelson’s press conference.”
“...https://t.co/wuEGWr0kng pic.twitter.com/lcp5OY4x3A — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) December 8, 2017As The Gateway Pundit’s Jim Hoft reported, there are growing calls that Gloria Allred and Beverly Nelson should be charged with fraud.”
“Singled Her Out NELSON He did sign it ABC HOST And you made some notes underneath NELSON Yes Beverly Young Nelson one of the women accusing GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore of sexual misconduct tells GMA it sickens her to think what might happen if Moore is elected...”
“GMA Nelson says she did make notes to Moore s inscription but the message was all Roy Moore ABC HOST Beverly he did sign your yearbook TRENDING FBI Arrests CDC Critic Dr Simone Gold on Monday After She Was Filmed in the US Capitol Walking Around with a Bullhorn FBI”


"All confesters are just a fraud, seeking honor."
"Photo Credit: cnnnenson admitting the so-called signature she added to Moore is the final nail in the coffin."
"77 Olde Hickory House is Blue ink ..."
"Signature to more sweet beautiful girls, I can't say a Merry Christmas Roy Moore 1222 77 Ode Mountain Walnut House strange is a more sweet pretty girl, I can't say Merry Christmas Allow is black ink Written, while Moldda 12 22
"CNN released the signature photo, showing two different inks."
"Follow the viRal Story in the ACCUSER BEVERLY YOUNEL in the ACCUSER Beverly Younel, which follows Gateway Pundit, has more evidence that this is a forged."
"If you missed it ... The network Pundit has previously released several differences in the Belvernier Press Conference."
"... https: t.co/wuegwr0kng pic.twitter.com/lcp5oy4x3a - ABC News Politics (@abcpolitics) December 8, 2017, Gateway Pundit Jim Hof, Gloria Allred and Beverly Nelson's call More than being accused of fraud. "
"Single out of her out of Nelson, he did not sign the ABC host and Your Nelson is Fugang Young Nelson, which made notes. Women's allegations of invasive Republican Senator candidate Roymore told GMA it hate she believes that if the law is selected what happens. ......"
"GMA Nelson said that she did make notes for the Moore's inscription, but the information is all ROY MOORE ABC host Beverly he really signed your annual trend. FBI arrested CDC critics took her in Monday. She was in the US Capitator Building. Walking around the US Capitol. Federal Investigation Bureau


Number  90
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“What.”
“Matter.”
“No.”
“Real Patriots who love their president.”
“They’ll continue to lose until they figure out how to shut down the will of the people the likes of whom frequent websites like ours.”
“While Obama will probably hit the campaign trail pretty hard for the Democrats in 2018, there won’t be any winning for them.”
“She also believes, as she told me personally just yesterday, that Barack Obama is coming back to lead us into midterms where he will win the White House and she will be Speaker again.”Well that’s just sad.”
“She’s under the impression that Democrats still have say in how our country is governed, for example, which is, quite frankly, just silly.”
“Pelosi is in an advanced stage of disengagement from reality.”
“Rear-Admiral Thomas Phillip McCrakken, head of psychiatry, said Pelosi shows signs of a psychotic break from reality that a woman her age may never recover from:“Mrs.”


"what."
"thing."
"Do not."
"Love their president's true patriot."
"They will continue to lose until they figure out how to close the people's will, because they like websites like our website."
"When Obama may strike a campaign in the 2018 Democrats, there is no victory."
"She also believes that, as she yesterday's individual told me that Barak Obama returned to the leaders, we will win the White House, she will become a speaker again." That is sad. " "
"She is impressive is that the Democrats are still in the people who are governed by our countries, for example, this is frank, just stupid."
"Pelosi is in a high-end stage that is out of reality."
"After the Navy, Thomas Pulip Pulip McCook McCucker, Pelosi showed a signs of a person's mental illness, her age may never be from:" Mrs. ".


Number  91
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“These are private citizens in Puerto Rico, paid by companies that are contracted by the government”.. (link)”
“However, only 20% of the truck drivers show up to work.”
“There are ships full of supplies, backed up in the ports, waiting to have a vehicle to unload into.”
“Trucks we have.”
“Supplies we have.”
““It’s a lack of drivers for the transport trucks, the 18 wheelers.”
“...ground yet the supplies are not moving across the island as quickly as they re needed...”
“Puerto Rican born and raised Colonel Michael A Valle Torch Commander 101st Air and Space Operations Group and Director of the Joint Air Component Coordination Element 1st Air Force responsible for Hurricane Maria relief efforts has the following comment They have the generators water food medicine and fuel on the...”


"These are the private citizens of Puerto Rico, which pays by the government" .. (link) "
"However, only 20% of truck drivers are showing."
"Ship with materials, backup in the port, waiting for vehicle to unload."
"We have trucks."
"We have supplies."
"This is the lack of drivers, 18 rounds." "
"... The ground is not moving on the island as needed ..."
"Puerto Rico Mountain Valley Michael Valley Torch Commander 101st Air Aerospace Operation Group and Joint Aviation Components Coordination Components The first Air Force is responsible for Hurricane Wira relief efforts have the following comments, they have the water and fuels of generators. This. .. "


Number  92
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Perhaps the better question is this: What did this woman know about Hillary Clinton?”
“Will they call it a robbery, like in the case of Seth Rich?”
“...at a luxury residential building in Manhattan s Union Square...”
“Police do not yet know how she ended up in the trash compactor but neighbors at the luxury apartment block told NBC they believed the police presence was related to Weiner s recent conviction for sexting an underage girl Police say a woman was found dead inside a trash compactor...”
“The deceased woman, whose identity has been withheld until police notify her family, was found by a building maintenance worker.”
“Police had been called to the block at 1 Irving Place in Union Square just before 5pm.”
“Her cause of death has yet to be announced by the medical examiner.”
“The 48-year-old, who police say lived at the premises, was found unconscious inside the machine and was pronounced dead at the scene.”
“On Tuesday evening, a woman was found dead inside a trash compactor at a New York apartment block where Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin own a home.”
“Hillary Clinton is silent on the topic as Huma’s neighbors told the cops they believe the police investigation has something to do with Anthony Weiner’s recent conviction.”


"Perhaps the best problem is: What is this woman knows what Hirarickn is?"
"They will call it a robbery, just like sadness?"
"... Deluxe residential building in the Union Square of Manhattan ..."
"The police have not yet known how she will eventually end in the garbage bin, but the neighbors of the luxury apartment building tell NBC they believe that the police have the recent belief with Weiner's recent behavior, this is an unwritten female police woman Dead compact machine ... "
"The late woman is detained until the police notify her family, and the construction maintenance workers found."
"Before 5pm, 1 IRVING Place in the Union Square convened the police."
"Her death is not yet announced by the medical examiner."
"The 48-year-old police said that at the site, there was no consciousness inside the machine, pronounced on the spot."
"Tuesday night, a woman was discovered in the garbage compaction in the New York apartment building, and Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin had a home."
"As the neighboring country of Huma, Hirarikindon is silent for theme, and they believe that the police investigation is related to the recent belief of Anthony Weiner."


Number  93
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“GettyThe good news is there’s absolutely no proof this guy has any more insight into what’s going to happen to the global political and social climate in 2018, than he does into what I’m going to have for my dinner.”
“For 2018 he’s bookmarked in his calendar the following world crises: US forces striking North Korea by blowing up a key trade route, Kim Jong-un being overthrown by his own people, a failed attempt to impeach Donald Trump and the sinking of a US warship.”
“Just when you thought it couldn t get darker or colder outside the fear mongering conspiracy theorists are here to tell you you re wrong Advert 10 If you can suspend reality long enough to believe Jupiter and Venus will collide on Monday in an astronomical space collision and subsequent...”
“...global blackout just because they said so in their falsified NASA statement...”
“ESOAccording to the identity stealing so-called experts, writing on the website Dinos Mark as well as Reflection of Mind, the two brightest planets in our solar system will crash into each other and could even be visible from the naked eye.”
“The far-fetched claim continued:Advert 10According to the [NASA] report, Venus and Jupiter will engaged in a close parallelism, only being separated by one degree.”
“NASANow, to fan the flames of this fabricated fire, some clever cloggs has even gone as far as to publish a false statement.”
“The statement purported to be written by NASA official Charles Boden – who must be pretty angry right now – ‘confirmed’ the world would be plunged into darkness from November 15 and November 29.”
“Advert 10NASAThe statement read:NASA has confirmed that the Earth will experience 15 days of total darkness between November 15 and November 29, 2017.”
“The event, according to NASA, hasn’t occurred in over 1 Million years.”


"GettyThe good news is absolutely no evidence, this guy has more insights happening in 2018 in global politics and social atmosphere, not what he reached in my dinner."
"In 2018, he was signed in his calendar. The following world crisis: US troops have overturned by their own people by boasting a key trade route, failing to condemn DonaldTron and the sinking warship in Donaldrown and the United States. "
"When you think it can't get deeper or colder outside fear, if you can suspend enough long, believe that Jupiter and Venus will collide on Monday, they can tell you here, you are wrong advertising 10 Subsequent ... "
"... global power outage is just because they said in their povery of the NASA's statement ..."
"Esoaccording steals the so-called expert, write down Dinos Mark on the website and considering the reflection of the soul, the two brightest planets in our solar system will collapse each other, and even see it from the naked eye."
"Far Declaration Continues: 10 According to the advertisement reported by [NASA], Venus and Jupiter will be separated from a certain extent."
"Nistano, for the flame of fans, some smart thinking and even got, even posting false statements."
According to the statement written by NASA official Charles Boden, it is now very angry - "Confirm" The world will fall in dark November 15 and November 29. "
"Promoting 10NASATHE Declaration: NASA confirmed that November 15 to November 29, 2017, the earth will experience 15 days from November 29, 2017."
"According to NASA, the event has not taken more than 1 million years."


Number  94
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“[Via Stryker]”
“At the very least, this should teach him and some other dumb liberals a good lesson about what happens in Trump’s America if you say and do stupid crap.”
“According to the agency, he will be held as a military combatant without being charged until they can ascertain whether or not he’s a threat to the president.”
“...for lunch when the exchange happened never made it past his hot wing appetizer...”
“That s not violence it s survival of the species The reporter Glen Dingusman immediately contacted the Secret Service with his evidence of violent threats made against the president and Snoop Dogg who was on his way into a restaurant...”
“I know I would and I would encourage anyone who could get close enough to do the same.”
“...a real gun...”
“I don t like violence any more than the next guy but I would hope that if this clown in the White House was about to start a war or somethin that someone would do what I did but with...”
“He said:“No, man.”
“His response was chilling.”


[[Through Stryker] "
"At least, this should teach him a good lesson with some other stupid liberaines, if you say and do stupid nonsense, what happens in Trump's US."
"According to the introduction of the institution, he will be held as military combatants until they can determine if he threatened the president."
"... Exchange during lunch, will never let it be too hot appetizer ..."
"This is not the survival of violent species, and the reporter Glen Dudanda immediately contacted the secret service. His evidence suggested that he was threatened by the president of a restaurant and the violent threat to the dog."
"I know I will, I will encourage any people who may be close to do the same thing."
"... a real gun ..."
"I don't like violence, not just the next person, I will hope that if the White House is about to start the war or someone will do what I do, but ..."
"He said:" No, men. "
"His reaction should be very cold."


Number  95
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“It is a disgusting show of transphobia that has no place in our public schools; the GOP must accept that America is a multi-gendered, multi-ethnic nation, and no amount of perverted laws is going to change that.”
“Notably, it also provides for stigmatizing transgendered children by isolating them in a single person bathroom, which the Department of Justice ruled in June was a violation of the student’s rights.”
“He did not deign to inform us how this would be accomplished, but it’s hard to imagine any scenario that did not involve adults inspecting the genitals of children before using the bathroom.”
“Any law-enforcement officer may issue a summons regarding a violation of this section.”
“Civil penalties assessed under this section shall be paid into the Literary Fund.”
“Any student who willfully and knowingly violates this section shall be liable for a civil penalty not to exceed $50.”
“Such policies may also provide that a student may, upon request, be granted access, to the extent reasonable, to a single stall restroom or shower, a unisex bathroom, or controlled individual use of a restroom, locker room, or shower.”
“...are using facilities reserved for their anatomical sex Local school boards shall develop and implement policies that require every school restroom locker room or shower room that is designated for use by a specific gender to solely be used by individuals whose anatomical sex matches such gender designation...”
“Sponsored Links Republican attacks on transgendered Americans and the religious fight to keep gender a binary delineation took a turn for the bizarre this week when Virginia Republican Mark Cole filed a bill that would force schools to check the genitals of their students in order to ensure that they...”


"This is the disgustive performance of our public schools without local obstacles; Republicans must accept the United States is a multi-ethnic country, and there is no number of metamorphology will change this."
"In particular, it can provide insulting children by isolating it in a person's bathroom to violate the rights of students in June rule."
"He did not inform us how to complete this, but it is hard to imagine that any consequences that do not have adults check the child genitals before using the bathroom."
"Any law enforcement personnel can issue subpoena on violations of this section."
"The civil fine according to this section should be paid to the literary fund."
"Any deliberate and deliberate violation of this section should be responsible for civil fines that do not exceed $ 50."
"These policies can also provide students to grant access to access within a reasonable range, to reasonably use personal use of the toilet or shower, or to control the toilet, locker room or shower."
"... is using facilities reserved for their anatomical fashion campus, should be developed and implemented asking for each school toilet locker room or shower room, these storage rooms or shower rooms are specified Personally, in a particular sexual individual, using its anatomical and matching personal matching gender name ... "
"Sponsor contact the Republican attack transformation Americans 'attacks and religious struggles, letting gender first binary, this week, this week I submit a bill forcing the school to check their students' genitals in the Virginian Republic to ensure this point they ... "


Number  96
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
““Until we invent the perfect energy source — Lithium crystals or whatever, Scotty’s there beaming us up — but until then we need to live in the real world,” Obama said.”
“White HouseEarlier in the night, Obama made a Star Trek reference while talking about the importance of flawed but useful energy sources like fracking and nuclear power.”
“Now, though, the 41-year-old actor says he’s going to travel to Mars — but for real.”
“Well, at least that’s what he told President Barack Obama.”
“DiCaprio was at the White House on Monday night as part of the South by South Lawn event.”
“The actor the president and climate scientist Dr Katharine Hayhoe took the stage towards the end of the evening for a conversation on climate change before the U S premiere of DiCaprio s new documentary on the subject Before the...”
“Flood...”
“The subject of Mars and SpaceX came up while Hayhoe was talking about the need to make people connect with the reality of climate change on a universal, human level.”
“The most important thing to do is not to pile up scientific reports until they reach a tottering pile of about 8 feet where they tip over and crush somebody Hayhoe said explaining that what really matters when trying to...”
“...motivate people to combat climate change thing is to connect its real meaning and impact to what s in our hearts The reality of it is if you re a human living on this planet which most of us are...”


"Until our invented perfect energy-lithium crystals or other, the Scottish people play light - but until then we need to live in the real world," Obama said. "
"White Netherlands at night, Obama reaches the reference, such as fracturing and nuclear power when discussing the importance of defects but useful energy."
"Now, the 41-year-old actor said he will go to Mars - but really."
"Well, at least he told President Barak Obama."
"Dicaprio in the White House on Monday night, as part of the South of the South."
"Dr. Katharine Hayhoe, Dr. Katharine Hayhoe, President, President Hayhoe, at night, before Dicaprio's new documentary on Dicaprio's new documentary, ..."
"flood..."
"The theme of Mars and Space X is coming, and Hayhoe is talking about people with climate change, with the necessity of being universal, human level."
"The most important thing is not to accumulate scientific report until they reach a heap of wear, they tend to rush, crush some people Hayhoe, explain what is really important when trying
"... The thing that encourages people to combat climate change is the real meaning and influence with the reality of things in our hearts, if you are in the human life in this planet ..... "


Number  97
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Jim Bush at (231) 250-9471 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-422-JAIL.”
“If you have any information, call D/SGT.”
“His jail sentence was set to expire in March.”
“Thomas was among the 79 people pardoned on Nov. 22 by former President Obama.”
“The operation effectively ended the Sunny Side Gang.”
“He was busted in one of the biggest drug busts in Saginaw, known as “Operation Sunset.”In 2008, he was sentenced to 19 years in prison for the distribution of five grams or more of cocaine.”
“Thomas was a former Sunny Side Gang member, according to Kaiser.”
“It wasn’t immediately known how long Thomas had been out of prison and living in the halfway house.”
“No one else was injured.”
““They were looking for this person.”The two suspects then fled the area.”


"Jim Bush in (231) 250-9471 or criminal hemostasis 1-800-422-jail."
"If you have any information, call D / SGT."
"His prison decision will expire in March."
"Thomas is one of the 79 people of the former President Obama 22nd."
"This operation effectively ends a sunny group."
"He is known as one of Sagnock's largest drugs, known as" operation sunset ". In 2008, he was sentenced to 19 years of prison to assign fine or more cocaine."
According to Kaiser, Thomas is a member of the front sunny group. "
"It didn't immediately know how much Thomas is in the middle of the housing."
"No one is injured."
"They are looking for this person." Two suspects then fled the area. "


Number  98
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“[A2]”
“Find issues of the CFR (including issues prior to 1996) at a local Federal depository library.”
“Purchase individual CFR titles from the U.S. Government Online Bookstore.”
“Parallel Table of Authorities and Rules for the Code of Federal Regulations and the United States CodeText | PDFFind, review, and submit comments on Federal rules that are open for comment and published in the Federal Register using Regulations.gov.”
“Monthly Title and Part user viewing data for the e-CFR is available for download in CSV format.”
“Download the Electronic Code of Federal Regulations in XML.”
“Download the Code of Federal Regulations in XML.”
“...published in the Federal Register by the departments and agencies of the Federal Government produced by the Office of the Federal Register OFR and the Government Publishing Office...”
“Home gpo gov govinfo gov e CFR Navigation Aids Browse Simple Search Advanced Search Boolean Proximity Search History Search Tips Corrections Latest Updates User Info FAQs Agency List Incorporation By Reference Related Resources The Code of Federal Regulations CFR annual edition is the codification of the general and permanent rules...”


"[A2]"
"Find the problem of CFR (including 1996 issues) in the local federal deposit library."
"Buy separate CFR champions from the US government online bookstore."
"Federal Regulations and CoDEText's Parallel Administration and Rule PDFFind, review, and the federal rules on the federal register to publish a comment to the federal rules published on the Federal Register."
"The monthly title and some users view E-CFR data can be used to download in CSV format."
"Download electronic code of federal regulations in XML."
"Download the federal regulatory code in XML."
"... the federal government's federal government departments and institutions published in the federal government departments and institutions, made by our Federal Registration Office of the Government Publishing Office ..."
"Family GPO GOV GOVINFO GOV E CFR Navigation Assist Tools Browse simple search advanced Search Boolean propimity Search History Search Tip Corrected Latest Update User Information FAQ Company FAQ Company List By Reference Resources Combined with federal regulations CFR annual version of the code is general and permanent Compilation rules ... "


Number  99
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Agenda Driven', 'Journalism', 'Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational', 'Wiki']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“But Kristi Gilroy faces the difficult job of going back to school Thursday, waiting for news of the dead and injured, which might, she feared, include children she’d taught when they were younger.”
““You tell me, how big of a gun does a person need?” Douglas is closed for the rest of the week as teens and teachers struggle to make sense of the carnage.”
“It’s being heard across Broward County, whose sheriff, Scott Israel, is prodding Florida officials to provide more funding for mental health, as well as laws that would prevent a person with psychological problems from being able to legally acquire a gun.”
“...for change is echoing across this normally quiet almost bucolic Florida community of 30 000 on the edge of the Everglades which draws residents seeking sprawling homes and room to run horses...”
“If we all die the camera survives and that s how we get the message out there about how we want change to be brought about In the wake of Wednesday s mass shooting in which at least 17 were killed and more than a dozen others wounded that cry...”
“As a student journalist, as an aspiring journalist, that’s all I could think: Get other people’s stories on tape.”
““And the only thing I could think of was, pull out my camera and try telling others.”
“What will my story be if I die here?’” Hogg told TIME in the hours following the ordeal.”
““While I was in there, I thought, ‘What impact have I had?”
“Hogg considered the possibility that he would not live to see the end of the day.”


"But Christi Gloro faces tough work on Thursday, waiting for the deceased and injured news, which may worry, including her children when they are young."
"" How much did you tell me, how big is a gun? " "Douglas is closed in the surplus of this week, as teenagers and teachers strive for carnival awareness."
"It is crossing Broward County in Skdia Israel, with more mental health funds in Florida German officials, as well as legal issues that prevent psychological problems to obtain firearms."
"In order to change, in this neighborhood of Florida, the edge of Florida in this usual vast pastoral, in the edge of the Everglades, this draws the residents of seeking captains and horses ..."
"If we are all survived by the camera survivors, how do we have changed how to change change in a large-scale shooting on Wednesday, of which at least 17 times is killed, more than ten people are injured ..."
"As a student reporter, as a ambition-negative journalist, this is everything I can think of: Let others in the tape."
"" I can think about it, pull out my camera and try to tell others. "
"If I die here, what is my story?" "Hogal told time in the time after the mill."
"Although I am there, I think, 'I have any effect?"
"Hogg believes that he cannot live in the end of the day."


Number  100
Source test case:  ['Agenda Driven', 'Journalism', 'Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational', 'Wiki']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Please share this story on Facebook!”
“American heroes supporting Native American heroes.”
“Trump’s early decision to approve the pipeline was a conflict-of-interest, and we must impeach him for it.”
“Donald Trump’s business investments spread throughout the world.”
“Now, we know that he has ties to the Dakota Access Pipeline, the one that crosses sacred Indian land.”
“The construction of the pipeline raised the ire of Native American Sioux settlements in the area.”
“It will cross sacred land and pollute their water supply.”
“The pipeline is also a threat to the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers, which provide drinking water for millions of people.”
“In addition, the two rivers provide shipping avenues for commerce through the middle of the country.”
“Opposition to the pipeline resulted in massive protests.”


"Please share this story on Facebook!"
"The American hero supports the Anti-Japanese hero."
"Trump's early decision approval pipe is a contradiction of interest, we must condemn him for him."
"DonaldTron's business investment is all over the world."
"Now, we know that he has linked with Dakoto access pipe, which is a pipeline through the sacred Indian land."
"The construction of the pipeline proposed the region of the United States of the United States to Gerox settlement."
"It will get through the sacred land and pollution water."
"The pipeline is also the threat of Missouri and the Minzei River, providing drinking water for millions of people."
"In addition, the two rivers provide transportation for business in the country."
"The opposition to the pipe leads to a large-scale protest."


Number  101
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...source: :www.snopes.com amindunchained.com www.historyofvaccines.org...”
“The vaccine contains gelatin and polysorbate 80 (Tween-80), which are used in the production of the pertussis concentrate.”
“These adverse events reported during post-approval use of Tripedia vaccine include idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, SIDS, anaphylactic reaction, cellulitis, autism, convulsion/grand mal convulsion, encephalopathy, hypotonia, neuropathy, somnolence and apnea.”
“Events were included in this list because of the seriousness or frequency of reporting.”
“Because these events are reported voluntarily from a population of uncertain size, it is not always possible to reliably estimate their frequencies or to establish a causal relationship to components of Tripedia vaccine.”
“In this sense it should be noted that Acellular Pertussis Vaccine Concentrates For Further Manufacturing Use are produced by The Research Foundation for Microbial Diseases of Osaka University BIKEN Osaka Japan under United States US license and are combined with diphtheria and tetanus toxoids manufactured by Sanofi Pasteur Inc Tripedia...”
“...vaccine is filled labeled packaged and released by Sanofi Pasteur Inc What s in Tripedia that probably can interfere with brain chemistry and neurology...”
“According to the Tripedia’s package insert, some ingredients include: Bovine extract, formaldehyde used to inactivate microorganisms a couple of times, ammonium sulfate, aluminum potassium sulfate and two growth mediums: modified Mueller and Miller is one; the other is Stainer-Scholte medium.”
“What is the content of these two growth mediums?”
“Mueller and Miller medium contains Glucose sodium chloride sodium phosphate dibasic monopotassium phosphate magnesium sulfate hydrate ferrous sulfate heptahydrate cysteine hydrochloride tyrosine hydrochloride uracil hydrochloride Ca pantothenate in ethanol thiamine in ethanol pyridoxine hydrochloride in ethanol riboflavin in ethanol biotin in ethanol sodium hydroxide beef heart infusion de fatted beef...”
“In this sense it should be noted that Acellular Pertussis Vaccine Concentrates For Further Manufacturing Use are produced by The Research Foundation for Microbial Diseases of Osaka University BIKEN Osaka Japan under United States US license and are combined with...”
“...diphtheria and tetanus toxoids manufactured by Sanofi Pasteur Inc Tripedia vaccine is filled labeled packaged and released by Sanofi Pasteur Inc What s in Tripedia that probably can interfere with brain chemistry and neurology...”
“According to the Tripedia s package insert some ingredients include Bovine extract formaldehyde used to inactivate microorganisms a couple of times ammonium sulfate aluminum potassium sulfate and two growth mediums modified Mueller and Miller is one the other is Stainer...”
“Scholte medium...”


"... Source :: www.snopes.com amindunched.com www.historyofvaccines.org ..."
"The vaccine contains gelatin and polysorbate 80 (Tween-80) for producing a hundred-day cough concentrate."
"These adverse events are in the use of the three-wing vaccine after approval, including the idiopathic platelets to reduce purpura, SID, allergic reactions, honeycomb, autism, convulsions / large mouth spasm, encephalopathy, low respiratory tract, neuropathy, lethargy And respiratory suspension. "
"Due to the severity or frequency of the report," event is included in this list. "
"Because these events voluntarily report from uncertain sizes, they are not always able to reliably estimate their frequency or establish causal relationship with the assembly of travel vaccine vaccine."
"In this sense, it should be pointed out that through the microbial disease research foundation of Osaka Osaka, Osaka, Osaka Osaka, Osaka, Osaka, Osaka, Osaka, Santuza Japan and Microbiological diseases of Sanofi Pasteur Inc Foundation conducts further manufacturing patient vaccine concentrates. Three wings ... "
"... the vaccine is filled with label packaging, and the three wings released by Sanofi Pasteur Inc may interfere with cerebral chemistry and neurology ..."
"According to Tripedia's packaging, some components include: bovine extract, methylene formaldehyde, ammonium sulfate, ammonium sulfate, and two growth medium: modified Miller and Miller; another It is a dyed agent - scholar medium. "
"What is the content of these two growth medium?"
"Muller and Miller medium contain a sodium sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfate hydrochloride hydrochloride hydrochloride hydrochloride hydrochloride hydrochloride hydrochloride hydrochloride hydrochloride hydrochloride Urea sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfate sulfurine sulfurine sulphate sulphate in ethanol pyrazine in ethanol biodol sodium sodium beef heart infusion in ethanol in ethanol pyridine ... "
"In this sense, it should be pointed out that further manufacturing vaccine concentrates were carried out through the research foundation of Osaka, Osaka, Osaka, Osaka, Osaka, Osaka. ..... "
"... Sanofi Pasteur Inc Tripia vaccine manufactured Diphtheria and Tetanus toxin are packaged and released by the clothing of Sanofi Pasteur Inc, which may interfere with Chemical and Neurology ..."
"Packed according to Tripedia S, some ingredients include culurates for inactivating microorganisms, metadium sulfate, sulfate, sulfate, sulfate, sulfate, and two growth medium modified Umeller and Miller are Stainer ..."
"Scholar Media ..."


Number  102
Source test case:  ['Agenda Driven', 'Journalism', 'Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational', 'Wiki']
Follow-up test case:  ['Agenda Driven', 'Journalism', 'Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational', 'Wiki']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“Dorris said authorities were still “actively investigating” the shooting.”
“No arrests had been made as of Monday evening.”
““Whether or not he was specifically targeted, or whether this was because of the uniform he was wearing or the place he pulled up to in the morning, we just don’t know that right now,” Dorris said.”
“The shooting of Harris County Precinct 3 Assistant Chief Deputy Clinton Greenwood did not appear to be random, according to Baytown police Lt. Steve Dorris, but a motive was not immediately clear.”
“A highly regarded Texas law enforcement officer was shot and killed Monday moments after arriving for work in an attack that prompted a massive manhunt for the gunman.”


Dells said that the authorities still "actively investigate" shooting. "
"As of Monday night, no arrest."
"Whether he is specifically targeted, or because he is wearing uniform or he pulled his place in the morning, we just don't know now," Dorris said. "
According to Baytown Pictre.Steve Dorris: "Harris County Jinglei 3 Assistant Chief Clinton Greenwood seems to be random random random. But the motivation is not clear immediately."
"When the attack prompts the gunner to cause huge attacks, I have considered that Texas law enforcement personnel were shot and killed on Monday at the moment."


**Something goes wrong**
“More Hurricane Irene coverage from the Washington Post:Hurricane TrackerMassive Hurricane Irene resumes intensificationHurricane Irene to sock beaches, sweep D.C. metro regionA warm and summery calm before Irene; tropical storm warning issued...”
“If you see a picture of a dolphin hanging out in Central Park after Irene moves through the East Coast this weekend, you may want to investigate it further.”
“What’s the lesson here?”
“The church was located in Christchurch, New Zealand.”
“When the earthquake hit Japan, photographs of a damaged church started circulating.”
“After the death of Osama bin Laden, a fake photo of his body circulated on Arab news outlets.”
“This phenomenon is nothing new.”
“We will update this post if we hear back.”
“Neatorama, for example, has removed its story with the photo called “Thank you, Hurricane Irene: Shark in the street.” We’ve asked Channel 7 in Miami, which broadcast the user-submitted photo, if it plans to inform viewers about its fakeness.”
“Some sites have since realized their error.”


"From Washington Post More Hurricane Coverage: Hurricane Evaluation Results Hurricane Irene resumed the intensive Eilean sock beach, scan D.c. The warmth of the subway area and the summer calm; sent a tropical storm warning ..."
"If you see a photo of a dolphin after East Coast this weekend, you may want to further investigate it."
"What is the course here?"
"The church is located in Christchurch New Zealand."
"When the earthquake attacked Japan, the photo of the damaged church started to cycle."
"After the death of Osama Bunded, his body fake photo was distributed on the Arab news network."
"What is this phenomenon."
"If we reply, we will update this article."
"For example, love, for example, it has been called" Thank you Ai Lin: Shark's photo on the street "deleted its story. If you plan to inform the audience, we have held Miami channel to Miami 7, the Burmese is playing In the photo submitted by the user. "
"Some websites have achieved their mistakes."


Number  104
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Littleton concluded the press conference by informing reporters that the U.S Department of Transportation is currently working diligently to release all relevant information pertaining to the new regulation on the U.D.O.T website.”
“Littleton did not have details regarding the government subsidized repair readily available, however told reporters that he expects the subsidized cost to be around $35 to the consumer.”
“The purpose of the mandatory governor would be to prevent motorcyclists from exceeding a speed of 75- miles per hour.”
“The regulation aims to drastically reduce the amount of annual motorcycle fatalities in the United States.”
“Many are not surprised by the regulation as politicians have been asking for stricter safety features to be implemented on motorcycles for the past several decades.”
“In 2014 the government offered all major motorcycle manufactures including Harley Davidson Yamaha Honda Ducati Kawasaki Suzuki and BMW a large tax incentive to begin implementing governors on all newly manufactured motorcycles however to much surprise all relevant manufactures declined to take advantage of the additional tax incentive requiring government...”
“...officials to return to the drawing board...”
“Members of the U.S. Department of Transportation or U.D.O.T were supportive of the regulation and heavily involved in its roll-out.”
“According to U.S. Department of Transportation representative James Littleton, the motorcycle governor regulation was long past due and made a comparison to the governors placed on traditional automobiles.”
“Littleton told reporters during a press-conference that each year approximately 8,265 motorcycle fatalities occur throughout the United States.”


"Littleton passed the notice of the reporter, the US Department of Communications is working hard to release all relevant information related to the new regulations on the u.d.t website."
"Littleton does not have more information on government subsidies, but tells reporters that he is expected to subsidize the fee for consumers' $ 35."
"The purpose of mandatory governor is to prevent motorcyclists from more than 75 miles per hour."
"The law aims to greatly reduce the amount of death in the US year motorcycle."
"Since politicians have been asking for more stringent safety features on motorcycles in the past few decades, many people are not surprised."
"In 2014, the government provided all major motorcycle manufacturers, including Honda Rhododendron, and BMW began to implement a large number of tax incentives for the Governor on all newly manufactured motorcycles, but when all surprised, all relevant manufacturers Refused to use additional tax incentives to ask the government ... "
"... official returns to the drawing board ..."
"Members of the US Department of Transport or U.D.O.T support their supervision and involve a large number of launches."
"According to the American Transportation Division Jameslitton, the motorcycle governor has been compared with the governor of traditional cars for a long time."
"Littleton told reporters at the press conference, held approximately 8,265 motorcycles in the United States every year."


Number  105
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“Here are 9 celebrities who say they'll move to Canada if Donald Trump becomes president:”
“He joins the likes of Barbara Streisand, Chelsea Handler, and several others who are planning to cross the border into the land of liberal prime minister Justin Trudeau should Hillary Clinton lose.”
“"Breaking Bad" actor Bryan Cranston is the latest celebrity to suggest that he would leave the US for Canada in the event of a Trump victory in Tuesday's election.”
“Ilya S. Savenok; Gary Gershoff/Getty With Election Day close and a Donald Trump presidency appearing increasingly likely, some of Hollywood's left-leaning stars are preparing to emigrate to the country up north if things go sour for them.”
“Bryan Cranston and Donald Trump.”


"There are 9 famous people here, he said that if DonaldTron is growing, they will move to Canada:"
He joined Barbara Streisand, Chelsea Handler, and some other people who plan to divide the border into liberal Prime Minister Jadden Trudo's land should be Hillary Clinton failed. "
"Break through the bad" actor Branen Clerenston is the latest celebrity, indicating that he will leave the United States to Canada when he will win in Tuesday. "
"Iria S. Savenok; Gary Gershoff / Getty ends, Donald Trump's presidential position is increasing, some of the hollywood left sides are preparing to move to the country in the north."
"Bryneckrantton and Donald Turapping."


Number  106
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Public records show she was released on her own recognizance and given a court date of later this month for arraignment.”
“Her parents have not been available for comment.”
“She wasn’t seen again until she showed up in the 12th precinct jail.”
“They weren’t the types of people you’d expect that girl to be with.”According to the Secret Service, Malia had slipped away late last night after being told open air parties at public parks were too dangerous.”
“All those dudes had that baggy pants thing.”
“Some were doing other things I don’t know.”
“I saw some smoking weed.”
“According to a witness:“They was all just right out there in the open drinkin’ and lettin’ their dogs go at it.”
“She was found in the company of mostly older men when police arrived after being called by a concerned citizen complaining about a loud group of people watching dogs fight in the park.”
“Malia was arrested along with seven others and charged with wanton endangerment of animals, public intoxication and possession of a controlled substance.”


"Public record shows that she is released by her own recognition, and released during the date of the court this month."
"Her parents have no comments."
"Before the 12th hell prison, she didn't see it again."
"They are not the type of person you want this girl together." According to the secret service, Mary was told that the open air of the public park was told that it was too dangerous last night. "
"All these guys have the loose pants."
"Some people are doing things I don't know."
"I saw some smoking weeds."
"According to the witness:" They are just there in the open drink, and let their dogs go. "
"When the police were summoned by the citizen who was concerned, she was found in most of the growing men, complaining that a large group of people competed in the park."
"Maria was arrested with other seven people and accused of harming animals, public toxicity and controlled substances."


Number  107
Source test case:  ['Satire']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“If a Caucasian teenager did this… You finish the sentence.””
““Not one of those single things amounts to recklessness,” Judge Laurel Beatty Blunt said.”
“Muhuba Mohamed was found guilty of aggravated vehicular homicide after she struck a man who was pushing an infant in a stroller along the side of the road.”
“Mohamed then crashed into a house.”
“The man pushing the stroller was identified as 23-year-old Kenan Ferebee, and the child was his 7-month-old son, Micah.”
“The baby was pronounced dead at an area hospital.”
“The child’s father was taken to a different hospital in critical condition, WBNS reported.”
“A witness said Mohamed had a phone in her hand at the time of the crash, but there was no evidence of any texts or calls being received at the time.”
“Four days earlier, the woman was in an accident in which she crashed into a median, The Columbus Dispatch reported.”
“In both cases, she was driving on a temporary permit without an accompanying licensed driver.”


"If a white teenager does this ... you have completed the sentence."
"" It is not a single thing in a single thing equivalent to recklessness, "Laurer Betty is talking."
"After attacking a man pushing a baby along the roadside, Muhuba Mohamed was sentenced to the crime of murderous vehicles."
"Muhammad then fell into the house."
"The person who promotes the stroller is determined to be a 23-year-old Kenya Philberry, and the child is his 7-month old son," "
"The baby died in a regional hospital."
"WBN reports," the child's father was brought to different hospitals in criticism. "
"One testimony said that Muhammad hit the phone while hitting the car, but there is no evidence of any text or phone now."
"Four days earlier, this woman happened in an accident, she fell into a median, Columbus dispatched report."
"In both cases, if there is no accompanying license driver, she drives on the temporary license."


Number  108
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Thank you for taking the time to read this post.”
“If this in anyway sounds like something that you may be interested in pursuing, please e-mail me for more details and pictures.”
“...in my life...”
“...put her first will truly listen to what she has to say will share in her interests will be totally monogamous will be there for her in good times and tough times and will make her the most important person...”
“This special woman should also be willing and able to financially take care of both of us realizing that money is by no means the most important aspect in life In return she will get a man that will always...”
“...want companionship and a loving relationship...”
“In addition I m also a writer and painter The special woman that I am looking for will be intelligent self assured genuinely like who she is be compassionate passionate curious have a good sense of humour and most importantly...”
“Very well educated, sophisticated, good listener, compassionate, passionate, spontaneous, curious, gourmet cook, world traveller, socially adept, and true lover of life.”
“I'm a 58 year old widower, retired professional, who through no fault of my own, has fallen on difficult financial times.”
“Only the most discerning, out of the box thinking women, will find this intriguing.”


"Thank you for speaking time to read this article."
"If this sounds in any place, I may send me more details and pictures."
"... in my life ..."
"... Let her first will really listen to her will, will share her interests will be completely a multi-function will be there in a good time and difficult times, and will Let her become the most important person ... "
"This special woman should also be willing to be able to take care of us in an economical, it is not the most important aspect of life, and she will get a forever man ..."
"... you want to accompany and love the relationship ..."
"In addition, I am also a writer and painter. The special woman I am looking for will be a smart self-assured. I really like she is a sympathetic and curious person. There is a good sense of humor, the most important thing is ..... "
"Have a good education, exquisite, good audience, sympathetic, enthusiastic, spontaneous, curious, food, world traveler, skilled, real life lover."
"I am a 58-year-old husband, retired professionals, they don't have their own faults, have been caught in a difficult financial period."
"Only the most discerning, thinking about women in the box, will find this interesting."


Number  109
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“If convicted, Obama could face up to 40 years in prison, and no President will...”
“That tap was authorized by executive order for national security reasons.”
“President Trump ordered Obama s phones tapped to catch him in a lie over the Russia scandal...”
“Obama basically confessed in a private call to one of Hillary Clinton s aides that he had the Trump Tower tapped and we can t find any federal order legally authorized by a judge to do so The call between Obama and Huma Abedin was intercepted by the FBI after...”
“Obama basically confessed in a private call to one of Hillary Clinton’s aides that he had the Trump Tower tapped and we can’t find any federal order legally authorized by a judge to do so.” “The proof is undeniable.”
“Todd McMartin, a spokesman for the FBI, told Fox News:“The proof is undeniable.”
“Todd McMartin, a spokesman for the FBI, told Fox News: Trump first disclosed the bombshell in an early morning tweetstorm, knowing already that the FBI was preparing charges and asking a judge to sign a warrant for Obama’s arrest.”
“Trump first disclosed the bombshell in an early morning tweetstorm, knowing already that the FBI was preparing charges and asking a judge to sign a warrant for Obama’s arrest.”
“Nothing came of it since President Trump nor any of his campaign staff have ever been to, spoken with or had anything to do with Russia or its agents.”
“The order, which isn’t something even a president can do without the signature of a federal judge, was to listen in on Trump and his children to try to find a connection to Russia.”


"If it is convicted, Obama may face 40 years of prison, there is no president ..."
"This is authorized by the national security cause of administrative orders."
"Trump President Ordered Obama's mobile phone seized him in the Russian scandal ..."
"Obama basically invited him to have a Trump Building, we can find the federal order of the judge law to be authorized so that the call between Obama and Hadlin is intercepted by the federal investigation office ... "
"Obama basically invited a private appeal to assist in one of Hirac, he has an attack of Trump, and we can't find any federal orders that are authorized by the judge law." "Proof is undeniable."
"The Federal Investigation Board's spokesperson Todd Mac Machin told Fox News:" Proof is undeniable. "
"Todd McMartin is the spokesperson of FBI tells FOX News: Trump first disclosed Bombshel 鈥嬧婰 in the morning TweetStorm, which already knows the Federal Investigation Bureau is preparing to charge and ask a judge to sign Obama. Arrest lawsuit. "
"Trump revealed an early morning bomb, in TweetStorm, I already know that the Federal Investigation Bureau is preparing to charge and ask the judge to sign Obama arrest."
"President from Tote and any campaign has been there or have any relationship with Russia or its agents, since his content from his campaign."
"In the case of the signature without the federal judge, even the president even the president's order is a listening to the Tu and his child, trying to find the connection with Russia."


Number  110
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“No other country has since landed a human on the Moon, although several countries, such as Russia and China, are expected to plan missions beyond 2030.”
“The Apollo program was the third United States human spaceflight program carried out by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), which accomplished landing the first humans on the Moon from 1969 to 1972.”
“Conspiracy theorists believe that president Richard Nixon pushed the agenda of a fake Apollo program to fool USSR into the Space Race and eventually, the nuclear arms race, with the purpose of ruining the USSR.”
“...never gone to the Moon...”
“Russia s top astrophysicist Yury Ignatyevich Mukhin has also made a public statement this week claiming that the Russian government had always been aware of the situation since the early 1970 s These recent allegations have given credence to conspiracy theorists who have been claiming for decades that America has...”
“Several high-ranking members of the Chinese Communist Party even stated publicly that these latest findings proved without a doubt that the Moon landings were an “elaborately orchestrated hoax to fool the world about America’s space program capabilities”.”
“These allegations have come up after recent analysis of pictures taken from the Chinese Chang’e-4 probe allegedly found no traces of the American Moon landings existing on the Moon.”
“More than 2,000 high-ranking officials of the Chinese Communist Party have signed a petition this week asking explanations from the American government concerning the American Moon landings after doubts arose that the Apollo Moon landings ever happened.”
“Beijing | Top officials of the Chinese Space Program have come out this week and expressed their skepticism that the American Moon landings ever happened, reports the Beijing Daily Express.”


"Since other countries, although there are several countries, such as Russia and China, it is expected to plan for more than 2030 missions."
The Apollo program is the US Aerospace Program (NASA) carried out by NASA, completed the first human beings on the moon from 1969 to 1972. "
"The conspiracy theorist believes that the President of Richardnik Song has promoted a fake Apollo plan, and the Soviet Union entered the space competition, eventually the nuclear weapon competition, the purpose of destroying the purpose of the Soviet Union."
"... I have never been to the moon ..."
"Russia's top celestial physicist Yury Ignatyevich Mukhin also published a public statement this week, the Russian government has always realized that since the early 1970s, these recent allegations have made credentials to apply for public theoretists. The theorist for decades has ... "
"Several senior members of the Communist Party of China even disclosed that these latest findings have no doubt, the moon landing is a" carefully planned to deceive the world about the US space planning ability "."
"These allegations have recently analyzed the photo analysis taken from China Changan 4 probe, allegedly not found the traces of the United States moon on the moon."
"Senior officials of more than 2,000 Chinese Communists signed a petition to the US government's explanation of the US government, because of the doubtuo Moon Landings after doubts."
"Beijing | The Supreme Officials of the China Space Plan this week, expressed their American moon landing, reporting Beijing Daily Express."


Number  111
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“With White Helmets claiming scores killed and over 500 wounded by exposure, it seems impossible to believe that if it was true no one can find any of these “real” patients to confirm an attack.”
“The Russian Defense Ministry also reported that their own medics had examined some patients in Douma, and had the same result, that none showed signs of chemical poisoning.”
“That the Red Crescent operates a hospital in a city supposedly inundated with wounded and didn’t get a single patient with confirmed exposure, however, is very noteworthy.”
“Chemical attack or no, it wouldn’t be surprising for some people to complain of symptoms without actually having any problems.”
“(This has been retracted, it is incorrect.)”
“The Syrian Red Crescent said their hospital in Douma received six patients complaining of respiratory problems, but said they didn’t seem to have any physical problems at all, nor was there any trace of any chemical agents they might’ve been exposed to.”
“The statement insisted their medical personnel in the city had found no evidence any such attack took place.”
“—The Syrian Red Crescent issued a statement Monday dismissing the allegations of a weekend chemical weapon attack in the city of Douma.”
“They further say the Syrian Red Crescent was shut down in Douma effective April 7.”
“Subsequent questions have emerged, however, and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent is saying they are unaware of such a statement having ever been issued by the Syrian branch.”


"It seems impossible to believe that the fraction kills and more than 500 years old, it seems impossible to believe that if you really can find any of these" true "patients to confirm the attack."
"The Russian Defense Department also reported that their own medical institutions have checked some patients of Duma, with the same results, did not show signs of chemical poisoning."
"The Red Crescent will operate in a hospital that is said to be overwhelmed by the wounded, and is not worth noteworking by a confirmed exposure."
"Chemical attack or no, some people complain that symptoms are not surprising, there is no problem."
"(This has been retracted, it is incorrect.)"
"The Syrian Red Crescent Association said that their hospital received six patients with respiratory problems in Duma, but said they did not have any physical problems, and there were no physical problems, and there were no possible exposed chemicals. Trace. "
"The statement insists that there is no evidence that there is no evidence in the city's medical staff."
"The Syrian Red Crescent will publish a statement, and the allegations of Duma City weekend chemical weapons attacks were rejected."
"They further said that the Syrian red crescent moon took effect on April 7, Duma."
However, "The subsequent problem has emerged, and the International Red Cross and the Federation of Red Crescent Conference said they did not realize this statement that the Syrian branch has issued."


Number  112
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...across the street was in foreclosure...”
“...and attorney adds He has an uncanny sense of knowing that something is a good deal when it looks dismal to everyone else Such was his first deal in Manhattan his purchase of the Commodore Hotel on East 42nd Street in the mid 1970 s when even the Chrysler Building...”
“The Trump touch.”
“He has told people in the communications industry that he is ‘very interested in communications,’ which is like a 2,000-pound gorilla mentioning that he is very interested in becoming carnivorous.”
“Although he is still interested in such ideas as putting up the world’s tallest building on the East River, his mind wanders from the business of New York real estate.”
“It’s exhilarating; he gets a few bugs in his teeth.”
“IT IS NOT YET 9 AM SPENDING A DAY WITH Donald Trump is like driving a Ferrari without the windshield.”
“...players and coaches he would sign in a matter of hours.”
“...and, by the way, that he planned to build a domed stadium in New York.”Donald Trump was electrifying the room the rat-a-tat-tat revelations, dropping names of star N.F.L.”
“L”


"... is opposite the street in the redemption ..."
"... and lawyers have added him an incredible consciousness, knowing this is a good deal, when it looks very frustrated, this is his first transaction in Manhattan, he in 1970 The merchandise hotel on East 42 Street in East 42 Street is purchased even the Chrysler Building ... "
Trump Touch. "
"He told people that he is very interested in communication in the communications industry, this is like a 2000 pound gorilla mentioned that he is very interested in meat."
"Although he is still interested in such an idea, but in the world's highest building, his thoughts are in the business of New York real estate."
"This is exciting; he got some bugs in his teeth."
"There is no time to spend a day, just like driving the Ferrari without windshield."
"... he will sign the player and coach in a few hours."
"..., by the way, he plans to build a dome of dome in New York." Donald Turapping calls on the rat-A-Tat-Tat revelation, falling at the name of the star N.f.l. "
"L"


Number  113
Source test case:  ['Satire']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“Mistakes like this won’t be very funny when they cost us more than a laugh.”
“CNN has also released a statement: “The RCN cable operator in Boston aired inappropriate content for 30 minutes on CNN last night.”
“And then without really much questioning, a bunch of news sites ran with it, claiming that the network showed the footage for about 30 minutes.”
“Here are some screenshots grabbed by Mediaite.”
“It looks like the chaos all started when The Independent wrote up a story from this person’s tweets, which was then tweeted out by the Drudge Report.”
“After that, it spread fast.”
“Mashable, The New York Post, The Daily Mail, Esquire, and Variety have all published a story, and pretty much all of these articles are based on one or two tweets from @solikerose.”
“Plus, many of the original stories didn’t include statements from CNN or RCN, the cable company that supposedly aired the porn.”
“Fact-checking largely didn’t begin until the stories were published.”
“The @solikearose account has since turned private, and there don’t seem to be any reports of porn airing on CNN last night.”


"When they spend our laughter, such mistakes will not be interesting."
"CNN also released a statement:" Boston's RCN cable operator broadcasts inappropriate content for 30 minutes on CNN last night. "
"Then there is no problem that really questioned, a group of news websites ran it, claiming that the network showing a shot of about 30 minutes."
"Here are some screenshots to catch Mediaite."
"When writing the story of this person independently, it looks like a chaotic, then this is then released by the deception."
"After it, it spreads quickly."
"Maskable, New York Post, daily mail, esquire and varieties have published a story, and almost all of these articles are based on one or two essays from @solikerose."
"Plus, many original stories do not include statements from CNN or RCN, which is said to avoid the brunette TV company."
"The fact check did not start a large extent until the story was released."
"The @solikerose account has been private, and it seems that there is no report on the erotic broadcast of CNN last night."


Number  114
Source test case:  ['Satire']
Follow-up test case:  ['Journalism', 'Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...the most hated Steve Bannon backed conservatives running for office in America that may help to enhance her career...”
“The left is calling for his head today When a reporter has a criminal history that essentially proves she gave false information to pay a debt or for services shouldn t her character come into question when it comes to making a 40 year old sexual allegation against one of...”
“The women accusing Moore told the Washington Post that when they were between the ages of 14 and 18, he romantically pursued them.”
“One woman Leigh Corfman told the Post that when she was 14 years old in 1979 a 32 year old Moore took off her shirt and pants and removed his clothes Corfman told the Post that Moore touched her over her bra and underpants she says and guided her hand...”
“...to touch him over his underwear The outspoken social conservative said in a statement the four women quoted by the Washington Post are lying...”
““This garbage is the very definition of fake news and intentional defamation,” Moore said.”
“Former White House adviser Stephen Bannon helped Moore trounce establishment favorite Luther Strange in a September Republican primary, over President Trump’s warning that Moore was less electable.”
“Moore currently is in a close race against Democrat Doug Jones ahead of a Dec. 12 election.”
“Washington Examiner Stephanie McCrummen the reporters who co wrote the Washington Post hit piece on Judge Roy Moore apparently has a history of faking things like fake checks for instance According to the anti Trump publication Red State McCrummen who works for the Washington Post who many consider to be...”
“...fake news after using mulitple unnamed sources in an attempt to tie President Trump to the Russians has a criminal record that involves writing a FAKE check...”


"... The most annoying Steve Bannon supports the conservatives to run in the US office, which may help improve her career ..."
"When a reporter has a criminal history of criminal history, it proves that her head appeals to his head when she gives debts or services, when I talk to a 40-year-old gender allegation, her personality should discuss a person's character. "
"Recruitment of Moore tells the Washington Post when they are between 14 to 18 years old, and he romantically pursues them."
"A woman Leigh Corfman told this article. When she was 14 years old in 1979, a 32-year-old Moore took off her shirt and trousers, dismantled his clothes, and Corfman told this article, Moore said in her. She said and guided her hand ... "
"... Touch his underwear, and expressed the social conservatives in a statement that the four women quoted by Washington Post ..."
"" This garbage is a fake news and deliberate definition, "Moore said."
"Front White House Consultant Stephen Bindon helped Moore to get the most popular Luther strange in September, more than the President Trump, warned Moore, is not optional."
"Moore currently has a close competition on Democratic Dow Jones on December 12."
"Washington examiner Stephenny McLeman wrote Washington Post reporter in the Roy Moore judge is obviously the history of camouflage things, such as the red state McCrummen published according to the anti-Turapping, who considers the Washington Post Who is ... "
"... Using MULITPLE Non-named Source to try to return Trump to Russians' criminal records, involving writing leave checks ..."


Number  115
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Rather puzzlingly, Politico had no problem peppering “REPORTERS YELL INDISTINCTLY” throughout the piece.”
““In a review of the audio, we could not definitively discern Trump’s exact words at that moment in the news conference,” the site claims.”
“During his speech, the President asked if the “alt-left” bore as much responsibility for the chaos as its extremist counterparts on the alt-right.”
“Journos Rush To Spread Fake News Following Trump’s Latest Press ConferenceDonald Trump gave a speech addressing the violence this past weekend in Charlottesville.”
“Original picture:President Trump Destroys Everyone at His Wild Press Conference in Trump Tower 8/15/17Busted!”
“The picture of Jason Kessler and Barry O. Bummer in the article above is apparently photoshopped.”
“Source: ourlandofthefree.comUpdateFake image?”
“The Left has no shame in their attempt to link Donald Trump, who repudiated the attacker immediately after the murder occurred, to white supremacists but perhaps they should remember their own party’s history…and its present.”
“Nazis — National Socialists — are leftist, pure and simple.”
“But let’s remember that socialism is inherently a leftist ideology.”


"Pretty confusion, the politicians do not have a problem" reporter unlamered "whole work."
"In the review of audio, we cannot recognize the exact vocabulary of Trump in the moment of the press conference. "
"During the speech, the President asked the" Alt-Reft "responsibility to be responsible for the extremist peers on Alt-Orig."
"Journos is in a hurry to spread the fake news, the latest press release in Trump, KHM DeTron, delivered a speech in Charlockville over the past weekend."
"Original picture: President Trump destroys everyone at Trump Building 8 / 15/17 Tanzu's field news conference!"
"The photos of Jason Casper and Bario Barry Oakryi in the article are obviously Photoshopped."
Source: Ourlandofthefree.com Updatefake Picture? "
"There is no shame on the left, they tried to connect Donald Trump, and he immediately refused an attacker after murder, but maybe I should remember my own party's history ... and It's now. "
"Nazi - National Socialist - is the left, pure and simple."
"But let us remember that socialism is essentially the left ideology."


Number  116
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“With Donald Trump having won 306 Electoral College votes, 37 Republican electors would need to switch their votes to Clinton, a tall order, and in the event that no one candidate has 270 electoral votes, the decision would go to the Republican-controlled House of Representatives.”
“Proponents of this strategy are concerned, with good reason, about the likelihood it will succeed.”
“A petition urging the Electoral College to make Hillary Clinton president has gained nearly 5 million signatures.”
“The electors would be well within their constitutional authority to do so, say groups like Hamilton’s Electors, which claims that the purpose of the Electoral College is to prevent demagogues like Mr. Trump from assuming the nation’s highest office.”
“In recent weeks, a massive online movement asking members of the Electoral College to become “faithless” or “conscientious” electors and to vote for Clinton instead of Trump has garnered national attention.”
“Article II of the U.S. Constitution vests Congress with the power to determine the date by which the Electoral College will cast their votes, presently set for December 19.”
“No clear constitutional remedy exists to halt the certification of the outcome.”
“The development has Clinton supporters and other concerned Americans confused and hot in pursuit of potential remedies.”
“The story reveals that a CIA assessment detailing this conclusion had been presented to President Obama and top congressional leaders last week.”
“At 10:45 p.m. Friday evening, the Washington Post broke an explosive story alleging that Russians had interfered with the 2016 presidential election in order to assist Donald Trump in a victory over democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.”


"With DonaldTron, 37 Republican voters need to transfer their votes to Clinton, a salary, and if there are 270 election votes for no candidates, the decision will participate in Republican Holdings Housing representative. "
"The supporters of this strategy involve, with sufficient reasons, and the possibility of success."
"A petition to urge the election principal makes the President of Hillarikindon a 5 million signature."
"Voters will say in their constitutional authority, such as Hamilton voters, these experts have claimed that the purpose of electing universities is to prevent Mr. Trump like a shepherd sound like the country's highest office."
"In recent weeks, a large-scale online movement requires members of the Electoral College to become" confidence "voters, and vote for Clinton rather than Trump voting has received the attention of the country."
"The power of the US Constitutional General Assembly determines the election college will vote, and the power of polling is currently held on December 19."
"There is no clear constitutional remedial measures to stop the results of the results."
"Developing Clinton Supporters and other related Americans are confused and hot in pursuing potential remedies."
"The story reveals a CIA assessment, detailing this conclusion of the President and the top Congress leader."
"10:45 pm. Friday night, Washington Post broke through an explosive story, Russia interfered with the 2016 Presidential election to assist DonaldTron in the victory of Democratic candidates."


Number  117
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Source: YourNewsWire...”
“More details from DPS soon.”President Donald Trump has confirmed he is aware of the situation and said he was monitoring it from Japan.”
“Our thanks to law enforcement for their response.”
“Texas Governor Greg Abbott posted to Twitter shortly after the mass shooting, saying: “Our prayers are with all who were harmed by this evil act.”
“An eyewitness told CBS News that there was a heavy police presence on the road to the church, adding that they had seen severely injured people being airlifted from the area.”
“His Facebook page was taken down without explanation less than an hour after the shooting.”
“His page also featured photos of several high powered weapons.”
“Democratic political candidates...”
“Sheriff Joe Tackitt confirmed to Wilson County News that there have been multiple fatalities and the shooter has been taken down Devin Kelley s Facebook page stated that he was an atheist and his interests included Civil and social rights and Civil rights as well as endorsements for local Texan...”
“Devin Kelley, who killed at least 27 people and injured many more, was one of two shooters in the church, according to eyewitnesses, who also report Kelley carried an Antifa flag and told the churchgoers “this is a communist revolution” before unloading on the congregation, reloading several times.”


"Source: Hello ..."
"More details of DPS will be launched." Donald Turapping President has confirmed that he realized this situation and said he is monitoring it from Japan. "
"We thank the law enforcement response."
"Texas governor Greg Abbott released to Twitter shortly after the public shot," said our prayer and this evil behavior is hurt. "
"An eyewitness told the CBS message that there is a major police in the road of the church and adds that they see their serious injured people from the air."
"His Facebook page is not explained in less than an hour after shooting."
"His page also has several photos of high power weapons."
"Democratic political candidate ..."
"Sheriff Joe Tackitt confirms Wilson County news, that is, there are various deaths and shooters have been defeated by the Devin Kelley S Facebook page, he is an invistrist, his interests include civil and social rights and civil rights, and local Recognize Dezhou ... "
"Devin Kelley" killed at least 27 people and injured more, one of the two shooters of the church, according to witnesses, he also reported Kelley to carry the anti-drug flag, and tell the church before uninstall Tell Churchgooers "This is the communist revolution" convention, reloading several times. "


Number  118
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“</a>Related Coverage: <a Clinton Body Count Series: #3.”
“How FBI Agent David Raynor Stabbed And Then Shot Himself </a>Related Coverage: <a Clinton Body Count Series: #2. Who Killed Seth Rich?”
“73 with and very surprisingly to them a SVR database target hit on Carole Paladino being revealed as she had previously been identified by SVR analysts as being a probable witness against the Clinton Foundation Now deceased Carole Paladino was the lead school nurse for Millville Public Schools located in...”
“As per standard protocol and procedures this report details SVR analysts in their replying to the MoD s request for information about this event conducted a database search of the two persons named as having been killed in this explosion Carole Paladino age 72 and her husband John Paladino age...”
“The shock wave jolted people from their beds as much as a mile and a half away.”
“On July 7th, the report continues, a massive explosion occurred that obliterated a two-story house.”
“According to reports, ‘US Federal Grand Jury had been impaneled to hear testimony from witnesses presented before it by FBI investigators and/or US Attorneys’.”
“<a Robert Horan (@Robby12692) <a 6, 2018</a></blockquote> <script async charset="utf-8"></script>The expected testimony centered on a notorious pharmaceutical company who gave money to the Clinton Foundation in a bid to cover up their drug price gouging crimes.”
“More than 200 deaths related to Crooked Hillary and her husband.”
“<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I catalogued every death I could find if anyone is interested in looking further.”


"</A> related coverage: <Clinton Body Count Series: # 3."
"FBI Agent David Raynor thorns, then shoots yourself </A> related coverage: <Clinton body count series: # 2. Who killed the rich man?"
"73 for them, surprisingly, hitting the SVR database target of Carole Paladino, because she was previously identified by the SVR analyst, because the possibility of visualizing the Clinton Foundation is now Milville Leadership school nurses in public schools ... "
"According to the standard protocol and program this report, the SVR analyst has made a database search in the case of their reply to the MOD S request, and the database search is named the explosive area that has been killed 72 age 72 And her husband John Paladino was killed. Age ... "
"The shock wave is as much as possible from the bed."
"On July 7, the report continued, a huge explosion took place, accounting for a two-story house."
"According to reports, the witnesses of the" US Federal Awards and / or American Lawyers "have heard witnesses from witnesses."
"Robert Horan (@ Robby12692) Clinton Foundation's bidding made up for their drug price shrubs."
"More than 200 people die with the curved Hillary and her husband."
<Blockquote class = "twitter-tweet" data-lang = "en"> <p lang = "en" DIR = "LTR"> I can find anyone when I die, if someone is interested in further search "


Number  119
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The change in name will take effect on November 1st, 2017 once the Governor of Washington signs the bill/!\ Report AbuseCreate a Prank...”
“Due to the great support provided to the cause of eliminating the history of slavery in the United States by George Soros, the Legislature of Washington has chosen the new name of Soros State.”
“Since George Washington owned Slaves, it is improper for this State to be named after him.”
“Washington State Legislature votes to change its name because George Washington owned SlavesFriday 22 January 35765 SharesThe legislature of Washington State has met in special session and overwhelming voted to change the name of the State.”


"The change of name will take effect on November 1, 2017, once Washington Governor signed bills /! \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ "
"Because Georget Soros eliminates the history of US slavery history, Washington legislature chose new name in Soros."
"Since George Washington has since the slave, this kind of country is naming in place."
"Washington State legislature vote is to change its name, because George Washington owned slave on January 35765, January 35765, Washington, Sharesthe legislature, held a meeting at a special meeting, overwhelmingly voting changed the name of the country. "


Number  120
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Installing the next in the line without properly addressing the issue could end with no Kims left to hold power.”
“...news rather than trying to understand how policy works For now the family that runs North Korea is trying to figure out the next step...”
“The Trump administration State Department Pentagon and any general or admiral available all deny the allegations calling Kim a despicable man with a world full of enemies President Trump hasn t answered the allegations at all simply telling a reporter from CNN that they re better off making up fake...”
“...loading...”
“Liberals will cry murder and say we don’t have the right just before they remind us of how many civilians died in Iraq when a president refused to use a single bullet to end Saddam Hussein and instead dragged us to war for a decade.”
“This seems to be it.”
“Trump promised swift and appropriate action.”
“The report comes shortly after North Korea successfully tested a long-range ICBM capable of reaching Alaska and possibly Hawaii.”
“North Korean State Television says the bullet came from the sniper rifle of an American positioned more than a mile away.”
“The only person allowed to cast a ballot that counts in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is dead of an apparent high-powered gunshot wound to the head.”


"Installing the next line without correcting the problem may end with the remaining power supply."
"... news, instead of trying to understand how the policy is working hard for the family of North Korea,"
"The Trump Administrative State Predach Building and any general or naval general all denial of the despicable man who refers to the world of enemy President Trump to answer these allegations, just tell the reporter to change them better from CNN. Make up for forged ... "
"...load......"
"The liberal will cry and say that we will remind us that Iraq refuses to use a single bullet to end Saddam Hussein and turn to the war for ten years, we will remind us."
"This seems to be it."
"Trump promises to promise quickly and appropriate actions."
"After the North Korean successfully tested a remote ICBM that reached Alaska and possibly Hawaii, the report shortly."
"The North Korean National TV station said that the bullets come from the US sniper rifle, stay away from one mile."
"The only voting allows votes who have been played in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea are voting on the obvious high power guns that die at the head."


Number  121
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“HERE www lolli com...”
“...were actually doing irreparable harm to young girls and that the Gates Foundation campaigns were actually experimental trials of the vaccines Mainstream investigators have found that these vaccine trials in India led to thousands of injuries and deaths of young...”
“...no mistake when Gates talks about making people healthier what he is really talking about is enforcing the mandatory roll out of his range of experimental vaccinations...”
“The same vaccines that have already caused mass sterilization and death on multiple continents.”
“The second-richest man on the planet is a committed globalist and eugenicist working towards the New World Order goal of depopulation.”
“Lest anyone forget these facts, Bill Gates regularly goes out of his way to remind us of them.”
“Bill Gates and his foundation have consistently come under fire for their goal of depopulation and now the same man who admitted in a TED talk that his goal is to eliminate a billion humans from the face of the...”
“...earth has now taken to Facebook to lecture us about why being eradicated is in our own interests...”
“Do you believe in alien life and/or UFOs?”
“Follow us on FACEBOOK, RUMBLE, TWITTER, INSTAGRAM!”


"Here WWW LOLLI COM ..."
"... In fact, the young girl has caused irreparable damage, and the Gates Fund is actually a vaccine experimental test. Mainstream investigators have found that these vaccine tests in India have led to young injuries and death. hurt......"
"... Gates When Gates talks about people healthier, he truly discusss to force his experimental vaccine ..."
"With the same vaccine caused by mass sterilization and death in multiple continents."
"The richest man on this planet is a loyal global associarist and optimized family, dealing with the lack of the new world order."
"To avoid anyone forgetting these facts, Bill Gates is regularly reminded of him to remind us."
"Bill Gates and his foundation have continued to fall in the fire, so that their lack goals, now the same man admitted to his goal in a conversation to face ..."
"... The earth is now brought to Facebook to lect why we have been erased is our own interest ..."
"Do you believe in alien life and / or unknown flyers?"
"Follow us on Facebook, rumble, twitter, instagram!"


Number  122
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“He was to turn 101 on December 9, 2016.”
“He lived with his second wife (of 63 years), Anne Buydens, a producer.”
“After barely surviving a helicopter crash in 1991 and then suffering a stroke in 1996, he had focused on renewing his spiritual and religious life.”
“17 on the American Film Institute’s list of the greatest male screen legends of classic Hollywood cinema, and the highest-ranked living person on the list.”
“He was No.”
“As an author, he had written ten novels and memoirs.”
“As an actor and philanthropist, Douglas had received three Academy Award nominations, an Oscar for Lifetime Achievement, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom.”
“Douglas was well known for his explosive acting style.”
“During his career he appeared in more than 90 movies.”
“Douglas soon developed into a leading box-office star throughout the 1950s and 1960s, known for serious dramas, including westerns and war movies.”


"He will be 101 years after December 9, 2016."
"He lived with his second wife (63 years old), Anne Buydents, a producer."
"After the midsess crash in 1991, then after suffering from stroke in 1996, he focused on renowning his spirit and religious life."
"17 About the American Film Research Institute's largest male screen legend, and the highest living staff in the list."
"he is."
"As an author, he wrote ten novels and memoirs."
"As an actor and charity, Douglas has accepted three college awards, becoming Oscar's lifetime achievements and the Free Award of the President Medal."
"Douglas is famous in an explosive behavior."
"In his career, he appeared more than 90 movies."
"Douglas quickly developed in the 1950s and the leading box office star in the 1960s, thinking as a serious drama, including the western and war movies."


Number  123
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Journalism', 'Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The dean notes that punishment for racist attacks like this can lead to “expulsion,” but we’re sure that her dad will once again bail her out of trouble.”
“...who shared video of her racist hate speech filled attack on whites...”
“Obama has been informed she is suspended pending an investigation into her statement But it gets worse for Obama Markholder says that if a disciplinary board finds her guilty she will forfeit her grade for the exam which is worth 47 of her grade according to one of the students...”
““Ms.”
““This sort of attack against any race is uncalled for,” Harvard Dean Cain Markholder said in a statement Sunday.”
“A post quoting Obama was shared more than 14,000 times with a reach of nearly 1 million Americans, which forced Harvard to take action.”
““Imagine a world without white people.” Obama was of course referring to the scientific belief that if whites continue to breed at low rates in America while others races continue to breed at current rates, white babies will be virtually nonexistent in our country by 2038.”
“Sometimes the only thing that keeps me going is the fact that they will be blended out by the time I am 30,” a recording of Obama’s speech shared on Snapchat said.”
““White people are so 1960’s.”
“And now it may get Malia Obama suspended.”


"The Dean pointed out that the punishment of this kind of racist attack may lead to" expel ", but we determine that her father will release her hassle again."
"... who shared her racist hatred speech filled with white attack ..."
"Obama has been told to suspend the investigation of her statement, but for the Obama standard, if a discipline of discipline discovered her guilty, she will lose her achievements according to one of them, which is based on 47-year-old exam student ... "
"Miss." "
"This kind of attack against any race is inappropriate," Harvard Cain MarkHold said in a statement on Sunday. "
"A postal Obama shared more than 14,000, reaching nearly 1 million Americans, the American forced Harvard to take action."
"Imagine a world without white people." Obama, of course refers to scientific beliefs, if the white people are breeding under the low interest rate of the United States, while others continue to breed at current rates, then white babies will almost absent before 2038. "
"Sometimes the only thing that makes me continues to drive is that they will be fused by my 30-year-old time," Obama said in Snapchat. "
"White is in the 1960s. "
"Now it may suspend Malia Obama."


Number  124
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“BYRNE: She’s dishonest, she habitually lies, anybody that can separate themselves from their politics and review her behavior over the past 15 years…Byrne is the author of the newly published book Crisis Of Character – a first-hand Clinton exposé.”
“Local police officers in Dobbs Ferry, New York, later disputed that claim, saying instead that he died from a workout accident that crushed his throat.”
“In fact, there’s a long history of Clinton-related body counts, with scores of people dying under mysterious circumstances.”
“Perhaps the most notable is Vince Foster.”
“Foster was a partner at Clinton’s law firm and knew the inner workings of the Clinton Machine.”
“Police ruled that death a suicide, though it is often noted that Foster may have been suicided.”
“Now, another official has found himself on the wrong end of the Clintons.”
“That John Ashe was a former President of the United Nations General Assembly highlights the fact that no one is safe once in their sights.”
“And as you might have guessed, there are major inconsistencies with Ashe’s death.”
“It was not only conveniently timed because Ashe died just a few days before being set to testify against Clinton in a corruption case, but official reports indicated he died of a heart attack.”


"Byrne: She is dishonest, she habitually lying, anyone you can separate from their politics, and review her behavior in the past 15 years ... Byrne is the new published Character's new published book crisis of author - a hand Clinton exposure. "
"The local police of the New York Douburfiruan will be controversial later, saying that he argued from the exercise accident in his throat."
"In fact, Clinton's related body has a long history, and many people die in mysterious situations."
"Perhaps the most worthless of Vince training."
"Foston is a partner of the Clinton Law Firm and understands the internal work of the Clinton machine."
"The police ruled the death and committed suicide, although Foster may always be free."
"Now, another official discovers that he ends in Clinton's error."
John Ash is the former chairman of the United Nations General Assembly, emphasizing the fact that no one is safe in its scenic spot. "
"Just like you may have already guessed, ashe's death is inconsistent."
"This is not only convenient, because Ash gradually proves a few days after corrupt cases, but the official report showed that he died in heart attack."


Number  125
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Tell us your thoughts in the comment section bellow!”
“How pathetic excuse is that?”
“Michelle Obama’s mom got to live better than a royalty in the White House, but they are still going to privilege her with $160,000 every year for the rest of her life just for being there her own granddaughters?”
“As concluded in documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), Mrs. Robinson got to be eligible for the lifetime pension for “services rendered as full-time/in-home caregiver” for granddaughters Malia, 18, and Sasha, 15, during President Obama’s eight years in office.”
“First Grandma Marian Robinson, 79, will get a big fat check for a lifetime worth 160K government pension when she takes off the White House next year, as concluded by congressional budget statements.”
“Congress just announced the most stupid, unexplained and unethical waste of taxpayer money prepared by no other than Obama.”
“It appears to be that just as Barack, the rest of the Obama’s never intended on getting jobs as us, the regular folks, because they got the chance to live on the backs of honest and hard working Americans that pay taxes.”
“Namely, Michelle Obama’s mom failed to earn a pension that’s three times the amount of an average American family’s whole income!”
“This amount of corruption is a next level thing that we haven’t seen portrayed this nonchalantly before.”
“Michelle Obama’s Mom Will Receive $160k Every Year Out Of Taxpayers’ Pockets!”


"Tell us your thoughts in the comment section!"
"What a poor excuse?"
"Michelle Obama's mother must live better than the royal family in the White House, but they still enjoy her parents in her rest of their birth, just to be her own granddaughter?"
"The Lady, who is obtained through the information of the information bill, Robinson must have qualified" service as a full-time / family career "for a lifetime pension for grandson, 18 years old, 18 years old and SASHA, 15 Obama presidential office. "
"First Grand Milk Marian Robinson, 79
"Congress has just announced the most stupid, unable to explain the most stupid, unable to explain and unmthical waste."
"This seems like Barak, Obama's remainder never intends to use our work as us, routine people, because they have the opportunity to live in the back of the taxation of honesty and effort."
"That is, Michelle Obama's mother fails to earn pensions, this is three times the entire income of the US ordinary family!"
"This amount of corruption is the next level of the next level before we have seen."
"Michel Obama's mother will receive a pocket of Taxpayer of $ 160 million every year!"


Number  126
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Thank you.”
“Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family.”
“...for indoor residential water use starting in the year 2022”
“Violators will have to pay a fine of 1 000 per day during normal seasons and 10 000 per day if the violation occurs in a critically dry year immediately preceded by two or more consecutive below normal dry or...”
“...critically dry years the law states...”
“According to the attentive folks at The Organic Prepper, this allotted water ration exceeds the amount required for taking a shower and doing a single load of laundry and excludes taking baths altogether.”
“Writer Daisy Luther notes that an ordinary load of laundry uses about 40 gallons of water, while an eight-minute shower uses some 17 gallons of water.”
“A bathtub holds 80 to 100 gallons of water.”
“This means combining a shower and laundry on the same day would use 57 gallons of water, two gallons above the limit.”
“According to the new law, the 55-gallon per person limit will be reduced even further in future years, dropping to 52.5 gallons per capita in 2025 and just 50 gallons per person in 2030.”


"Thank you."
"Please take some time and consider sharing this article with your friends and family."
"... used in indoor residential water from 2022"
"The illegal person must pay 1,000 fines every day during normal season, 10 000 daily daily, if the violation occurs, two or more, or more, or more, two consecutive or more.
"..." critical and dry legal countries ... "
"According to the careful population of the organic prevocal, this distribution of water exceeds the amount of bathry taken, and excludes with a certain degree of clothing and excludes the bath."
"The writer Daisi Luode pointed out that ordinary clothing load uses about 40 gallons of water, and eight-minute bathroom uses about 17 gallons of water."
"The bathtub holds 80 to 100 gallons of water."
"This means that the shower and washing machine will use 57 gallons of water, exceeding the limit of two gallons."
"According to the new law, each person limits 55 gallons will further decrease in the next few years, decreased to 52.5 gallons in 2025, each person is only 50 gallons."


Number  127
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“Commentscomments...”
“A long-time favorite of the Tea Party and other conservative groups, Gowdy is the type of man the Trump Administration needs to clean up the leftovers of the Obama Administration and its “Deep State” allies.”
“He’s even gone on record defending California Republican Devin Nunes from Democrat attacks on his integrity and his ability to properly investigate whether Obama spied on Trump during the 2016 campaign, via Townhall.”
“More recently, Representative Gowdy has been a voice of reason regarding the Democrat fixation on the idea of President Trump’s supposed connections to Vladimir Putin.”
“For those unaware of Gowdy’s many accomplishments, suffice it to say that the South Carolina conservative has been one of the more vocal critics of the Obama Administration for quite some time now.”
“Even better, Representative Trey Gowdy (R-SC) is already being touted as Comey’s successor, via US Defense Watch.”
“According to various sources, FBI Director James Comey might soon be replaced by the Trump Administration.”
“This is great news for American patriots everywhere, and we need to get behind it!”
“A huge new development in Washington, D.C. may be putting American security back on track.”


"In the sense ..."
"The long-term love of the Tea Party and other conservative groups, Gowdy is the Trump Administration needs to clean the leftovers of the Obama and their" deep "allies."
"He even defended the California Delin Dewen record defended his integrity and his ability to attack Obama during the 2016 campaign, through Townhall."
"Recently, the representative of the reasons for the concept of the Democrats 'ideas of the Democrats' thinking of Vladimir Putin."
"For those who don't realize, you can say that South Carolina's conservative party has always been criticians of Obama administration."
"Even better, representing Trey Gowdy (R-SC) has been taken from US defense watches to Corys successor."
"According to various sources, James Rehabilitation, director of the Federal Investigation Bureau, may soon be replaced by the Trump government."
"This is a good news in the US patriot, we need to fall behind it!"
"A huge new development in Washington, D.C. May put the US security department back on the track."


Number  128
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“It has been alleged in the past that the couple has a purely professional relationship and that they haven’t slept in the same bed for yearssource...”
“The couple’s marriage has been a mystery for years after it was discovered that Bill Clinton carried on multiple affairs while Governor of Arkansas, President of the United States, and even after his time in public office.”
“15 of their closest friends and family were present, and the reception took place in their backyard.”
“The Clinton’s got married on October 11, 1975, in Fayetteville, Arkansas in the living room of their new red brick home.”
“At this time, the Clinton’s are not commenting on the breaking news of their imminent divorce.”
“CTN has censored the couple’s address and the contact information for Hillary’s attorney in the respect of their privacy.”
“It is unclear at this time what that agreement specifically covers.”
“According to the filing obtained by CTN, the couple has a previously agreed-upon separation agreement or stipulation that will govern the manner in which the marital property is to be distributed in the event the divorce is finalized.”
“The plaintiff’s signature is often included in these types of filings to certify and expedite the legal process.”
“Bill Clinton is named as the defendant in the legal filing, and Hillary’s signature appears beside her listing as the plaintiff.”


"It is alleged that this couple has a pure professional relationship, and they have not slept in the same bed ..."
"The marriage of the couple has been a mysterious person for many years. It has been found in the US President of the United States, and even in the era of public offices, Arkansas Governor held a mystery for many years."
"The 15 of their closest friends and family appear, and reception in their backyard."
Clinton married on October 11, 1975, in the living room of Arkansas in Arkansas, in the living room of their new red brick house. "
"At this time, Clinton did not comment on the sudden news that was imminent, the imminent divorce."
"CTN has reviewed the address and contact information of the husband and wife of the Hillary lawyer to respect their privacy."
"It is still unclear that this is especially covered."
"According to the application obtained by CTN, this couple has a previously agreed separation agreement or provision, the agreement or regulation will manage the way marriage and property is allocated in the final determination of divorce."
"The plaintiff's signature is usually included in these types of documents to prove and speed up legal procedures."
"Bill Kelington was rated as the defendant in the legal application, and the signature of Hillary appeared next to her listing."


Number  129
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“They process records and make them publicly available not only to requestors but also to anyone interested in conducting research on the particular topics covered by FOIA requests.”
“The Libraries whose Presidential holdings are governed by the PRA work to respond to FOIA requests from the general public.”
“Once a Library is constructed, NARA assumes responsibility for its operation and maintenance in accordance with the Presidential Libraries Acts of 1955 and 1986.”
“A private, non-profit organization is formed to coordinate these efforts and provide support for Library and museum programs.”
“Succeeding Libraries have been constructed with private and other non-Federal funds.”
“The Roosevelt Library became the model for subsequent Presidential Libraries.”
“The Roosevelt Library was turned over to the Federal government on July 4, 1940, and dedicated on June 30, 1941.”
“On July 18, 1939, Congress passed a joint resolution accepting the new facility and agreeing to operate it as part of the National Archives.”
“An organization was chartered to raise private funds for the construction of the building on Roosevelt’s Hyde Park estate.”
“Roosevelt announced plans for a new type of facility, a Presidential Library, on December 10, 1938.”


"They deal with records, not only open to the requester, but also people who have the specific topics covered by the FoIa request to any interested."
"The library held by the president is strive to promote the public's Foia requirements by PRA."
"Once a library is built, Nara serves the operation and maintenance of the Presidential Library in accordance with the 1955 and 1986."
"Private and non-profit organizations have been coordinated with these efforts and support for libraries and museum programs."
"Successful library has built private and other non-federal funds."
"The Roosevelt Library became the model of the subsequent Presidential Library."
The Roosevelt Library was dedicated to the federal government on July 30, 1941.
"On July 18, 1939, Congress adopted the joint resolution to accept new facilities and agreed to operate it as part of the national file."
"An organization is trying to build private equity funds in Hyde Park Manor, Roosevelt."
"Roosevelt announced a plan of a new facility of a Presidential Library on December 10, 1938."


Number  130
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Source (South Africa Channel 24)”
“South Africa is currently experiencing a rapid collapse of it’s electrical infrastructure and power routinely goes out all over the country.”
“Eskom is ordered to reduce the number of white engineers by 1,081, and the number of white skilled laborers by 2,179.”
“The South African government has also ordered Eskom to reduce it’s safety requirements to make it easier for non-white applicants to qualify for jobs.”
“Currently, Eskom’s middle managers are 30% white and it’s skilled labor force is 21% white.”
“The firm says it is having major problems finding enough qualified non-white applicants.”
“For years, Eskom has been under orders to only hire non-whites as new employees.”
“It is part of the Federal “Black Empowerment” program.”
“This means 3,389 whites have to go.”
“A South African utility company has been given an ultimatum to reduce it’s number of white employees by 44.3% over the next five years.”


Source (South African Channel 24) "
"South Africa is currently experiencing its electrical infrastructure rapid collapse, and often appears throughout the country."
"Eskom is commanded to reduce the number of white engineers aged 1,081, as well as the number of white skilled workers in 2,179."
"The South African government also orders Eskom to reduce IT security requirements, making non-white applications easier to get positions."
"Currently, the middle manager of Eskom is 30% white, its skilled labor is 21% white."
"The company said that the main problem with the non-white applicant is found."
"Over the years, Eskom has ordered only non-white as new employees."
"This is part of the Federal" Black Empowerment "program."
"This means that 3,389 white must go."
"South African utility companies have obtained the last member, and the number is reduced by 44.3% in the next five years."


Number  131
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Therefore the conclusion that Trump’s bullying tactics have dangerous real life consequences remains valid.”
“Waters prior to the tweet on June 25th, including this one from March prior to Mr. Lloyd’s plea.”
“...the separation of thousands of children from their refugee parents at the border...”
“Congresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party.”
“She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement.”
“Be careful what you wish for Max!”
“— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 25, 2018Sponsored LinksTrump, of course, lied about what Rep.”
“Waters called for which was peaceful protests and public demonstrations rather than the “harm” he claims.”
“The “Be careful what you wish for Max!” quote, however, was a dog whistle call to action for his supporters to attack Rep.”
“Waters on par with his warning during his campaign when discussing Hillary Clinton that perhaps “the Second Amendment people” i.e., gun owners could solve the problem.”


"So, the conclusions of Turkish Bulling Strategy have dangerous real life consequences."
"Mr. Lloyd's" Water "before March 25.
"..." separated thousands of children in the refugee parents of the border ... "
"Congress MAXINE WATERS, a very low IQ, has become the Democratic Party's Nanyang Pelosi."
"She just called for injuries to supporters, many of which make the United States become difficult again."
"To be careful, you want the most!"
"- Donald J. Trump (@ReallDonaldtrump) June 25, 2018, of course, what representatives have been cheated."
"Waters appeal for this is a peaceful protest and public demonstration, rather than" harm "he claimed."
"Be careful that you want the most!" However, the quote is a dog whistle called on him to support his supporter attack. "
"When discussing Hillariklington, the" Water "struggled his campaign warning, perhaps" Second Amendment "," Second Amendment ", ie, firearms owners can solve this problem."


Number  132
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“VIDEO: Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Muslim & Gay In New Tell-All Book...”
“During these prayer sessions he insisted that he not be disturbed.”Berman: “Your book spends a whole chapter devoted to the various “tortures” that Obama and the First Lady would subject you to.”
“...our Commander in Chief Barack Obama...”
“Former agent, Paul Horner, in his new tell-all book “The Black House,” reveals what goes on inside the White House when the news cameras are turned off.”
“In an interview with CNN, Horner told Victor Berman that he is one-hundred-percent positive that President Obama is not only gay, but a radical Muslim as well.”
““Everyone on the inside knows that Obama is gay and a Muslim, it is common knowledge,” Horner said.”
““I saw many men coming and going from Obama’s room, at all hours.”
“I would say a good portion of the men, over fifty-percent, were Muslim.”Berman: “In your book you talk about several rituals Obama preformed to unwind from his busy schedule.”
“Can you elaborate on these for our viewers?”Horner: “When no one was around, except his security, Obama couldn’t wait to get out of his suit and into his Muslim tunic.”
“He would wear it while praying to the prophet Muhammad throughout the day.”


"Video: Secret service agent says Obama is Muslim and gay in new tell - all books ..."
"During these prayers, he insisted that he didn't bother." Belman: "Your book has a complete set of" torture "and the first lady who will be predicament."
"... our commander in the CEO of Barack Obama ..."
"Former agent, Paul, in his new" black house ", reveals what happened to the White House when the news camera is closed."
"In an interview received in CNN, Horner told Victor Berman. He is President Obama is not only gay, but also a radical Muslim."
"Everyone in the heart knows that Obama is gay and Muslim, this is common sense," Horner said. "
"I see many men start at all times from Obama. "
"I will say a good person, more than 50%, is Muslim." Belman: "In your book, you talk about several ceremonial Obama to relax from his busy schedule."
"Can you make this for our audience?" Horner: "When no one is in the periphery, except for his safe, Obama can't wait to leave his suit and enter his Muslim shirt."
"When you pray all day, he will wear it."


Number  133
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“#MediaBuzz pic.twitter.com/hbjdU6G7gz — Fox News (@FoxNews) April 8, 2018Via Mashable...”
“@FrankLuntz: "It's [@POTUS's] own tweets that are causing so much of the trouble… He should be focused on the economy and on taxes."”
“...https://t.co/n5rA0xZ1LY pic.twitter.com/ES6pBoKN9E — Gerry Hassan (@GerryHassan) April 8, 2018.”
“Here is the graph which got Fox News in a panic today.”
“@FoxNews the least trusted US network.”
“.”
“Take that down please!"”
“Kurtz quickly said, "This is not the graphic we're looking for – hold off.”
“Fox came in last place with a mere 30% of those polled thinking that the network was trustworthy.”
“Not surprising but a knee-slapper nonetheless, the graphic for the poll showed that people trusted CNN most, at 48%, followed by MSNBC at 45%.”


"#Mediabuzz pic.twitter.com/hbjdu6g7gz - Fox News (@foxnews) April 8th, 2018Via Mashable ..."
"@Frankluntz:" It is [@ potus] his own essay, causing so much trouble ... He should focus on economic and taxation. "
"... https: t.co/n5ra0xz1ly pic.twitter.com/es6pbokn9e - gerry hassan (@gerryhassan) April 8, 2018."
"This is a chart of getting Fox news today."
"@Foxnews least trusted US network."
"."
"Please take it!" "
"Kurtz quickly said:" This is not the graphics we are looking for. "
"The last person of Fox encounters 30% of people think that the network is trustworthy."
"Despite this, the knee graph is not surprising, but the chart for public opinion shows that people are most concerned about, up to 48%, followed by MSNBC 45%."


Number  134
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Source used:NaturalNews.com...”
“Don’t let your pet get slaughtered once you get tired of it — because if you do, it might eventually end up on your plate the next time you purchase some meatballs for your spaghetti.”
“Raising one requires a tremendous amount of effort, so be a responsible horse owner.”
“Do keep all this in mind the next time you consider buying a horse for your family.”
“Yep, you read that right: They allow strangers to haul their horses away to a meat packing plant, only to be slaughtered mercilessly around several other screaming horses.”
“Many of these owners sell their horses to slaughterhouses for an incredibly low amount.”
“Not-so-fun fact: Most horse meat come from horse owners who decide to have their horses killed for a variety of reasons, such as illness, injury, or simply because they cannot afford to keep their horses fed and cared for anymore.”
“Reuters claims that around 130,000 horses are slaughtered each year in Canada and Mexico — and it seems the United States wants a huge chunk of that business, as well.”
“While horse meat slaughterhouses were banned during the Bush Administration, the ban expired in 2011 under President Obama’s watch, thereby allowing horse meat slaughterhouses to restart operations.”
“Where do these horses come from?”


Source code: Naturalnews.com ... "
"Once you are tired, don't let your pets being slaughtered - because if you do this, next time you buy some meatballs for your pasta, it may eventually end your tray."
"Raising a huge effort, so it is a responsible Master."
"When I consider buying horses for your family, please remember all this."
"Yes, you read this right: They let strangers get their horses to the meat packaging factory, can only be ruthlessly slaughtered around several screams screaming."
"Many people's owners put their marsh to slaughter volume."
"Not so interesting: most of the horse is from the stables, they decided to kill their horses, such as disease, harm, or just because they can't feed their horse and carefully "
"Reuters claim to slaughter about 130,000 horses in Canada and Mexican, seemed to have a large mass of this business."
"Although the horse meat slaughterhouse is banned during the Bush administration, the ban has expired under the watch of Obama, so that the horse meat slaughter is restarted."
"Where is these horses?"


Number  135
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...down a path of peace...”
“According to reports al Baghdadi further confirmed that a recent advertisement in which Kendall Jenner offered a group of riot police a Pepsi was also influential in his decision to immediately cease their murderous reign of terror and lead ISIS”
“...attempt to begin rebuilding the Middle East into a utopian wonderland...”
“After the video started to go viral in ISIS cave networks and strongholds thousands of terrorists began pouring out into the streets of Mayadin giving one another spontaneous group hugs destroying their weapons and planting trees and flowers in an...”
“It’s all so clear now,” he added.”
““It is time for the mujahideen to start uniting and loving on people.”“I just can’t believe we didn’t see it before.”
“...up and then tossed an AK 47 onto the ground...”
“Despite my previous belief that we must slay the infidel in the name of Allah until Islam rules the world I just can t deny that Katy s words have touched my heart al Baghdadi said as he symbolically held...”
“...s jihad finished...”
“...just co exist The powerful statement which single handedly dismantled ISIS came shortly after a terrorist attack on civilians in Manchester killed 22 people and led the reclusive head of ISIS to hold an emergency press conference declaring the group...”


"..." along the peace road ... "
"According to reports, Al Baghdad further confirmed that the nearest advertisement Kenner Jenner offers an advertisement of a group of riots, Pepsi has influential in his decision to immediately stop criminal rule and lead Issos.
"... attempted to start rebuilding the Middle East into the Utopia Wonderland ..."
"Start to Viral in the ISIS Cave network and start thousands of terrorists into the streets of Mayadin, so that each other's spontaneous group hugs to destroy their weapons, plant trees and flowers in ..."
"It is very clear now," he added. "
"" It's time to let Mujahideen begin to contact and love. "I can't believe we haven't seen it before." "
"... then throw a AK 47 to the ground ..."
"Despite my previous beliefs, we must kill Infidel in the name of Allah until the Islamic rules I just deny that Katie's words have touched my heart, because he symbolizes his heart because he symbolizes Holdly held ... "
"..." Holy completion ... "
"... only CO has a powerful statement, after Manchester's civilian attacks, the civilians have encountered 22 people's terrorist attacks, separately demolished ISIS's powerful statements soon have been 22 people, and leading the responsible person of ISIS Holding an emergency press conference of the group ... "


Number  136
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result correpsonds with the MR
----------
“Barron Trump captioned the image: “Not the sort of bangles I usually choose on holiday.”He also tweeted his friends, saying that he was currently ‘in a wheelchair, connected up to tubes, in a hospital’.”
“The 11-year-old sent a Snap to his friends yesterday with a drip attached in his arm along with hospital wrist.”
“Barron is currently receiving treatment in hospital, reports Fox News.”
“Barron Trump has been rushed to hospital with severe pneumonia while on holiday in Bedminster, NJ.”
“Horrible news are coming from the President’s house while President Trump on Friday began a 17-day stint at his prized golf club in Bedminster, NJ.”


Barron Trump the Image
"The 11-year-old child issued a Cantapari yesterday, dripping on his arm, together with the hospital wrist."
"Baron is currently being treated in the hospital, reporting Fox News."
"Barentron has been rushing to hospitals with severe pneumonia, while in Bedmit, NJ's holiday."
"The terrible news is from the president's house, while the President Trump on Friday starts 17 days St. Stekin in his precious golf club in Bedmist, New Jersey."


**Something goes wrong**
“© Youtube Clay Haynes reveals political bias at TwitterProject Veritas will be releasing additional Twitter-related videos over the next several days.”
“When prompted by the UCJ, Mr. Haynes provides additional details, “Basically, giving them every single tweet that he’s posted.”
“...at the highest levels of Twitter...”
“One of Twitter's senior engineers has admitted to hacking the president's private data and leaking it to the Department of Justice to "help with their little investigation."”
“The high-level engineer, Clay Haynes, a self-confessed "bleeding-heart liberal," boasted to covert investigators that his team can access all activity of every user on the site, and can even retrieve deleted messages.”
“After confessing that the social media sites extreme monitoring of its users was big brother ish he admitted that Twitter disclosed all of Donald Trump s messages to the DOJ saying Even the ones he s deleted any direct messages Youtube The investigation into Twitter was conducted by Project Veritas...”
“A Project Veritas undercover investigation has revealed a senior network security engineer at Twitter stating that his company is more than happy to turn over the private communications and deleted tweets of President Donald Trump to the Department of Justice...”
“If true, it is yet unknown whether Twitter is voluntarily disclosing this sensitive information or acting under a court order.”
“© Youtube Senior engineer Clay Haynes admitted to leaking he president's private messagesTwitter is currently in the midst of defending itself from left-leaning criticism that President Trump hasn’t been removed from the enormous media platform for violations of Twitter’s Terms of Service.”
“According to his LinkedIn profile, Clay Haynes has been employed by Twitter since September 2016.”


漏 漏 YouTube Clay Haynes reveals political prejudice on TwitterProject Veritas, will release additional Twitter related videos in the next few days. "
"When the UCJ prompt, Mr. Haynes provided another detail," Basically, give them every specification of him. "
"... in the highest level of twitter ..."
"One of the senior engineers of Twitter has recognized that the President's private data is infringed and disclosed to the Ministry of Justice" to help them. "
"Senior Engineer, Clay Hains, a confident" bleeding - cardiac liberalism ", covering his team to access all the activities of each user on the website, and can even retrieve the deleted message."
"After receiving the extreme monitoring of social media sites, it is Big Brother ISH. He acknowledged that Twitter disclosed all Donald Trump news, even if he deleted any direct message YouTube's investigation of Twitter was investigated by the project. ... "
"Veritas Undercover survey reveals a senior network security engineer, that is, his company is very happy to transfer to private communication and delete President Donald Trump's president to the Ministry of Justice ..."
"If true, it is unclear whether the tweet will voluntarily disclose such sensitive information or act in court orders."
漏 漏 YouTube Senior Engineer Clay Haynes Acknowledges that the Private Messagestwitter of his President is currently defending the left criticism, and Trump has not yet violated Twitter's service terms from a huge media platform. "
"According to his LinkedIN profile, Since September 2016, Twitter has hired Clay Haynes."


Number  138
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“I need to start by winning the election in order to be able to change this country for the better.”/SOURCECommentscomments...”
“...stopping them before things get out of control Asked how soon such a plan could be put in action Rubio replied Don t know yet first thing s first here...”
“However I also feel that these people must be under the watchful eye of trained professionals who would be in charge of determining whether or not the ones who got pregnant are planning to have an abortion and of course...”
“...they could recover...”
“...what it s father has done to you come on He added That is why I believe that all rape victims should be put into protective custody where they would be given full time round the clock care so that...”
“I mean sure okay you were just violated in the most intimate way and sure you had to undergo a detailed physical examination afterwards but that doesn t mean you have the right to kill an innocent baby regardless of...”
““I am appalled by how insensitive and self-centered rape victims can sometimes be.”
“I m just totally against the whole shebang I won t deny it Rubio said...”
“Taking another question from the audience Rubio also took the opportunity to discuss rape victims by revealing he would put rape victims into custody and under strict supervision if it is determined that they are planning to have an abortion...”
““I believe it is outrageous that Hillary Clinton supports partial-birth abortion, which is a gruesome process that’s been outlawed in the United States, but she supports it as a process that should be legal,” Rubio asserted.”


"I need to win the election so that I can change this country to become better, start." / Sourcecommentscomments ... "
"... Stop them before things to ask so much plan can be placed in the action, Rubio replied, the first one knows ..."
"But, I also think that these people must be trained for the attention of professionals, they will be responsible for determining whether pregnant people plan to abortion and courses ..."
"... they can recover ..."
"... The father does it to you to add, why do I believe that all rape victims should put all rape victims to protect detainees, they will protect the full-time protection of the clock around the clock, and so......"
"I mean, you have just violated the most intimate way, and make sure you have to experience the detailed physical examination, but this doesn't mean that you have the right, no matter ..."
"I have been shocked by many rape victims that have been self-centered." "
"I just contrary to the entire Shebang, I won the IT Rubio said ..."
"Another problem from the audience will also take this opportunity to put the rape victims into the supervision by revealing the victim of rape, if they determine their plan abortion ..."
"I believe that Hillariklington supports some birth abortion is unfortunate, this is an incredible process, which is an incredible process that is banned in the United States, but she supports it as a legal The process, "Rubio is declared".


Number  139
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“We will have more information as they come in!”
“David Morrisey, an US attorney is in charge of the case.”
“We also found out that there are two suspects in the murder, Sanjay Gemtrapa and Hamil Lalahafa and they are being question.”
“His family and he, are at a high-security safehouse in an unknown location, so they can protect themselves.”
“They ask for privacy and they are taking some family time in order to deal with the tragic loss of their son.”
“Congressman Trey Gowdy and his family did not come up with a statement.”
“Little Terrence disappeared earlier today from the Capitol building, and didn’t manage to make it fat before his young life was shut by forces of globalist.”
“Well, it seems that the dumpster belong to the new Trump Hotel, which only indicates that either the murderers are trying to frame to our President, or they want to send a message to him and his family.”
“Well, as we said that we will keep you updated with this story, it’s time to tell you that Terrence Vaughan Martin Gowdy, the 8-year-old son of Try, was found dead in a dumpster in DC.”
“You have probably heard the news about Trey Gowdy’s son that he has disappeared.”


"We will provide more information when entering!"
"David Morii, the US Judicial Committee is responsible for cases."
"We also found two suspects in murder, Sanjay Gemtrapa and Hamil Lalahafa, they are questions."
"His family and his family are a highly secure Safehouse in an unknown location, so they can protect themselves."
"They ask privacy, they are taking some family time to deal with their son's tragic loss."
"Congress member Trey Gowdy and his family did not have a statement."
"I have disappeared from the Parliament building earlier this earlier, and they did not try to make it fat before his young life was closed by the Globalist Force."
"Well, it seems that the garbage box is a new Trump hotel, which shows that the murderer tries to raise our president, or they want to send a message to him and his family."
"Well, just as we say, we will keep updating this story at any time, it is time to tell you Terrence Vaughan Martin Gowdy, this is an 8-year-old trial son, found in the DC's garbage bin being discovered."
"You may hear the news about Trey Gowdy's son, he has disappeared."


Number  140
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“Both chambers returned to Capitol Hill on Saturday afternoon to work toward a solution.”
“The National Park Service (NPS) will keep parks open, unlike in 2013, though much of its staff will not report to work.”
“Uncertainty is the byproduct of a government shutdown, with its impact often hard to predict.”
“However, clues exist in the last shutdown, which was in 2013.”
“Key services will continue, and many agencies plan to use carryover funds to remain open for several days.”
“But each day the shutdown lasts adds to the pressure on agencies, government employees and civilian contractors, as well as Americans who rely on various federal services.”
“Employees considered “essential” will still be required to report to work should the shutdown continue, while those in positions deemed “nonessential” will be barred from coming in.”
“The White House on Friday pledged to minimize the effects of the shutdown on the American people, with one official noting that the administration has urged government agencies “to do as much as they can” within the law to maintain operations.”
“The push for departments and agencies to utilize existing funding to remain open suggests the Trump administration is hedging its bets that lawmakers can reach a deal and avoid a shutdown the length of one in 2013, which lasted 16 days.”
“ADVERTISEMENTEach federal agency has a contingency plan for a shutdown that is written with help from the White House’s Office of Management and Budget.”


"The two households return to the Parliament on Saturday afternoon and is committed to the solution."
"National Park Service (NPS) will not agree with 2013 with 2013, although most of its employees will not report work."
"Uncertainty is a by-product of government closed, which is often difficult to predict."
"However, the final downtime exists in 2013."
"Key services will continue, and many institutions plan to use portable funds for a few days."
"But every day is continuing to the pressure on institutions, government employees and civil contractors, and Americans who depend on various federal services."
"Consider" necessary employees "still need to report to get off work when shutdown to work, and think that" non-necessary "position will be banned."
"The White House promises to minimize the impact of shutdown on the US people, one official believes that the government urges government agencies to" as much as possible "to maintain operations in the law."
"Promoting departments and institutions use existing funds still public, it is recommended that the Trump government is abide by its bet, ie legislators can reach an agreement to avoid turning off the length of 2013 for 16 days."
"The Alexent Federal Agency has an emergency plan, which is written in the help of the White House Management and Budget Office."


Number  141
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...s accusations they continue to support him...”
“They are completely unacceptable and what they indicate which is why I think this is so serious is a lack of respect for our judicial system and for the separation of powers doctrine that is enshrined in the Constitution Although many Republicans including House Speaker Paul Ryan have condemned Trump...”
““Those kinds of comments are very serious to me,” Rep. Susan Collins (R-Maine) said to News radio WGAN.”
““I couldn’t disagree more with a statement like that,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said Sunday.”
“I just can’t.”Donald Trump claimed that Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is presiding over the Trump University case, has been biased toward him because of his Latino heritage.”
““But there’ll come a point in time where we’re gonna have to understand that it’s not just about the 2016 race, it’s about the future of the party and I would like to support our nominee.”
““There are a lot of people who want to be loyal to the Republican Party, including me,” he said.”
“Graham claimed that Trump’s racist remarks were “the most un-American thing from a politician since Joe McCarthy.”“If anybody was looking for an off-ramp, this is probably it,” Graham told The New York Times.”Senator Graham elaborated on this during an interview with NBC News’ Hallie Jackson.”
“Trump’s recent attack on U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel because of his Mexican-American background prompted Sen. Lindsey Graham to round up the Republicans who have previously endorsed Donald Trump, and persuade them to take it all back.”
“During a time when the Republican Party’s presumptive nominee, Donald Trump, should be working to bring the party together and prepare for the primary battle against Hillary Clinton, he continues to deepen the divide between Republicans and Americans alike.”


"... they continue to support him ..."
"They are completely unacceptable, they show this is why I think this is so serious is the lack of respect for our judicial system, although many Republicans, including the house speaker, Paul Rui'an, is condemned by many Republican ace. .. "
"" Those comments are very serious for me, "Susan Collins (R-MAINE) said to the news broadcaster."
"I don't agree with this statement," Senate most leaders Mitch McConnell (R-KY) said on Sunday. "
"I can do it." DonaldTron claimed that Judge, who is in the University case of Trump, is biased by his Latino Heritage. "
"But we must understand that we have to understand, not only about 2016, this is about the party's future, I want to support our nominees."
"There are many people hope to be loyal to the Republican Party, including me," he said. "
"Graham claims that Trump's racist speech is" Since Joe McCarta's politician's civilian thing. "If someone is looking for a growing ramp, this may be it," Greham told New York Times. "Senator Graham explained this in an interview with NBC News' Hallie Jackson. "
"Trump has recently attacked the US attacks Gobu Curiel (Gonzalo Curiel), his Mexico background reveals the Republican people who have previously agreed with Donald Trump, and persuade them back At its. "
"In the Republican's estimation is nomadent, Donald Turapping should be committed to gathering the party together and preparing for the main battle of Hirac, and he continues to deepen the gap between Republicans and Americans."


Number  142
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“In this case we see the tail wagging the elephant, and it’s unfortunate that Republicans don’t seem t be listening to the American public.”
“But we’ve seen this before and we’ve seen described before when the tail wags the dog.”
“Imagine standing in the way of Social Security, of veteran’s checks, of paychecks – people’s pensions, and not fully appreciating the gravity of that – only more concerned about bringing government itself down.”
“Washington warned about what would happen in terms of party excesses and what would happen to us if we became a nation where not from without the threats that gather but from within when people seek to destroy the government itself.”
“An ideological manufactured crisis no longer controllable by the Speaker because events have unfolded beyond his control.”
“A t a time when they’re crying out for help and jobs and economic security, a ideological manufactured crisis is unfolding before us.”
“People who are wondering aloud, what is going on in Washington, D.C.?”
“And so why is that we are putting the American people through this?”
“A proposal is being put forward that we’re told in the Rules Committee – even the Chair of the Rules Committee said it can’t be signed by the President.”
“Time is running out.”


"In this case, we see the tail shake an elephant, unfortunately, the Republicans do not seem to listen to the American public."
"But we have seen this before, we have seen it before the tail swing."
"Imagine, with social security, the veteran check, salary - the people's pension, did not fully appreciate that - only more attention enables the government to fall."
Washington warned that if we don't have a threat of gathering without gathering, we will happen to the threat of gathering. "
"The crisis that the speaker no longer controls is the crisis that has exceeded his control."
"When they seek help and work and economic security, the ideological crisis is launched in front of us."
"What is the interested interest in Washington?"
"Then why we sent the American people to this?"
"I proposed a proposal, we told in the Rules Committee - even if the Chairman of the Rules Committee also said that this is the president signed."
"time is limited."


Number  143
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“...the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office the Vice President shall continue to discharge the same as Acting President otherwise the President shall resume the powers and duties of his office...”
“If the Congress within twenty one days after receipt of the latter written declaration or if Congress is not in session within twenty one days after Congress is required to assemble determines by two thirds vote of both Houses that...”
“Thereupon Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty-eight hours for that purpose if not in session.”
“...of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office...”
“Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker...”
“Thereafter when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his written declaration that no inability exists he shall resume the powers and duties of his office unless the...”
“...the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office the Vice President shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting President...”
“Whenever the Vice President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of...”
“Section 4.”
“...to them a written declaration to the contrary such powers and duties shall be discharged by the Vice President as Acting President...”


"... The president cannot fulfill his power and responsibilities in his office, and the vice president will continue to be the same president as the president of the agent, otherwise the President should restore his authority and responsibilities ..."
"If the Congress within 21 days after receiving the day or in the Congress, the Congress did not decide the two or two-thirds of the house vote within 2 days after the assembly of the General Assembly, then ..."
"William General should decide this question. If there is no meeting in the meeting, it is a four-eighth hour."
"..." The representative of the houses, their written declaration, the president can't fulfill its power and responsibilities ... "
"The vice president of administration or other agency and most people's law may provide spread to the Speaker of the Speaker of the President of the Senate and Speaker's President of the Senate ..."
"Since then, when the president spoke to the President of the Senate's Senate and the Perpetual President of Member, his written declaration, his written declaration, he should restore his power and obligation of his office, unless ..."
"..." The representative of the house is in the written declaration, the president cannot fulfill its power and responsibilities of its office, and the vice president should immediately undertake the power and responsibilities of the office as the president of the agent ... "
"Whenever the vice president of the administrative department and the vice president or general meeting of the general meeting, the law may provide President Members and the President of the Senate and speakers to the president."
"Section 4"
"... for their written declaration, violating such power and responsibilities, the vice president should be used as a proxy president ..."


Number  144
Source test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Agenda Driven', 'Journalism', 'Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational', 'Wiki']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“The President will make a decision based on what he thinks is in the best national security interest of this country.”
“As we've also talked about, separate resource decision reports will be coming in the next few weeks, but have not been received as of yet.”
“MR. GIBBS: Yes.”
“Again, more detail on this as we get a little closer to U.N., but wanted to walk --Q Can you repeat that last one?”
“And then lastly, the President will host a meeting with countries that contribute the largest numbers of troops and police to U.N. peacekeeping operations.”
“MR. GIBBS: We did ask for it, and are heading it.”
“Q Did you ask for it?”
“This is only the fifth time in the history of the U.N. that a head of state-level Security Council summit has been convened, and the first time ever that a U.S. President will chair a U.N. Security Council summit.”
“On September 24th, the President will chair a summit-level meeting of the U.N. Security Council on the topic of nuclear non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.”
“Here's one date I do have.”


"The President will make a decision based on his thoughts is based on the best national security interests in this country."
"As we mentioned, a separate resource decision report will enter in the next few weeks, but have not received it yet."
"Mr. Gibs: Yes."
"Again, more detailed, because we are closer to u.n., but want to walk - ask your last one?"
"Finally, the President will hold a country that contributes the largest troops and the police in U.n. peacekeeping action."
"Mr. Gibs: We did asked it and was going to it."
"Ask you?"
"This is only the fifth time in the history of U.N. The Summit of the Security Council at that national level has been held, the first time the US president will host a U.n. Security Council Summit."
"On September 24, the President will host the topic of nuclear non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament at the Summit Meeting of the U.n. Security Council."
"This is what I have."


Number  145
Source test case:  ['Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“It is worth noting, too, that as modules improve, rooftop photovoltaics will become more cost-competitive for homeowners, reducing daytime electricity demand.”
“Converting only 2.5 percent of that radiation into electricity would match the nation’s total energy consumption in 2006.”
“The energy in sunlight striking the earth for 40 minutes is equivalent to global energy consumption for a year.”
“Solar energy’s potential is off the chart.”
“Our analysis convinces us that a massive switch to solar power is the logical answer.”
“The U.S. needs a bold plan to free itself from fossil fuels.”
“These steps are not enough.”
“Well-meaning scientists, engineers, economists and politicians have proposed various steps that could slightly reduce fossil-fuel use and emissions.”
“In the meantime, power plants that burn coal, oil and natural gas, as well as vehicles everywhere, continue to pour millions of tons of pollutants and greenhouse gases into the atmosphere annually, threatening the planet.”
“And as China, India and other nations rapidly increase their demand for fossil fuels, future fighting over energy looms large.”


"It is worth noting that with the improvement of the module, the roof photovoltaic items have become more cost-effective, reducing the daily electricity demand."
"Convert 2.5% of the radiation to electricity will match the total energy consumption of 2006 countries."
"The energy of the sun hits the earth for 40 minutes equivalent to the global energy consumption of one year."
"The potential of solar energy is to detach the chart."
"Our analysis convince our large-scale switch to solar energy is a logical answer."
"The United States need a bold plan, you can release yourself from fossil fuels."
"These steps are not enough."
"Scientists, engineers, economists, and politicians put forward a variety of steps to reduce fossil fuel use and emissions."
"At the same time, combustion coal, oil and natural gas power plants and vehicles, continue to pour millions of tons of pollutants and greenhouse gas into the atmosphere each year, threatening the earth."
"With China, India and other countries have rapidly increase the demand for fossil fuels, the future resistance of energy looms."


Number  146
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“TAPPER: More than 200,000 people from the U.S. traveled to Pakistan last year.”
“I think we have done a good job in monitoring those people who we need to identify as potential threats to the, you know, government, and I think one has to understand that in connection with the -- the resolution of this plot, American law enforcement I think was very successful.”
“(END VIDEO CLIP)TAPPER: What would those consequences be?”
“We've made it very clear that if, heaven forbid, an attack like this that we can trace back to Pakistan were to have been successful, there would be very severe consequences.”
“We expect more.”
“(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)CLINTON: We want more.”
“TAPPER: In the last few days, U.S. officials have met with Pakistani officials, and the message, as conveyed by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on "60 Minutes" is this.”
“But the investigation's ongoing in both those spheres.”
“HOLDER: All I can really say is that the investigation is ongoing and we are examining overseas connections that he might have, as well as any people he might have worked with here in the United States.”
“Or was it just him operating from directions from Pakistan?”


"TAPPER: More than 200,000 people from the United States went to Pakistan last year."
"I think we are doing very well on those who need to identify, we know, you know, the government, I think you must understand this - this plot resolution, Americans, I think it is very successful."
"(Terminal Video Clip) TAPPER: What is these consequences?"
"We have clearly said that if heaven is prohibited, we can be traced back to Pakistan, which will have a very serious consequence."
"We look forward to more."
"(Start Video Clip) Clinton: We want more."
"TAPPER: In the past few days, US officials met Pakistani officials and message, which was conveyed by Secretary of State Hillariklington in" 60 minutes "."
"But the survey is in progress in those areas."
"Holder: I can say that the investigation is in progress, we are checking the overseas connections you may have, and people who may cooperate in anyone in the United States."
"Or just the route of Pakistan?"


Number  147
Source test case:  ['Agenda Driven', 'Journalism', 'Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational', 'Wiki']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“This new TV ad charges that Ernst is tied to Republican special interests.”
“NextGen Climate s multi million dollar campaign in Iowa against GOP Senate nominee Joni Ernst...”
“A Tale of Two BillsDespite that cynical game of impeachment talk, here is a GOOD story to tell about Washington from earlier in the week: Democrats and Republicans came together to strike a deal on reforming American’s embattled VA hospital system.”
“Instead, leaders in Washington are falling back on base turnout gimmicks.”
“The leaders in both parties aren’t taking their frustrations seriously.”
“And each side can rationalize their actions all they want, but all its doing is reinforcing the decision by MILLIONS of Americans who have chosen not to participate in the political process this year that they made the right decision.”
“It’s beneath the White House, and it’s beneath the speaker.”
“(Republicans: “This President is breaking the law!” Democrats: “They want to impeach the president!”) And what’s particularly jarring is that this isn’t taking place on the campaign trail -- but rather from their official capacities at the White House and on Capitol Hill.”
“And it’s beneath the White House and the speakerSo both sides are playing this cynical game, turning the midterms into a base election that will be decided by who best motivates their base rather than by trying to fix the country’s problems.”
“The House will vote tonight on that lawsuit against the president, per NBC’s Frank Thorp.”


"This new TV advertisement accuse Ernst is associated with the Republican special interest."
"Nextgen Climate Climate in Iowa's million dollar election opposition Republican Senate Nominee Joni Ernst ..."
"The story of the two games is a cynical population, this is a good story, telling about Washington, a week earlier: Democrats and Republicans gathered together, reach the agreement of reforming the United States into troubled VA Hospital system "
"On the contrary, Washington leaders are returning to the head."
"The leaders of both parties have not seriously treated their frustration."
"And each party can rationalize what they want, but all of its practices have strengthened millions of Americans, these Americans choose not to participate in political processes this year, they have made the right decision."
"It is below the White House, which is below the speaker."
"(Republican:" This president is illegal! "Democrats:" They want the president to condemn the president! ") And the special quarrel is that this is not carried out on the campaign path - but from their official Power White House and Capitol Hill."
"It is below the White House, the speakers are playing this cynical game, turning the medium-term medium into a basic election, these elections will determine who can organize their bases, rather than trying to solve the problem of this country."
"Tonight, the home base will vote to each NBC's Frank Sop against the presidential lawsuit."


Number  148
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“If you'd like to support our work, you can give now at:PAID FOR BY MOVEON.ORG POLITICAL ACTION, http://pol.moveon.org/Not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee.”
“It should be overturned.”
“He's hotheaded.”
“He's erratic.”
“One Republican senator said: "The thought of his being president sends a cold chill down my spine.”
“Yet McCain says the solution to the housing crisis is for people facing foreclosure to get a "second job" and skip their vacations.6 Many of McCain's fellow Republican senators say he's too reckless to be commander in chief.”
“The Associated Press reports he and his wife own at least eight homes!”
“He voted against the children's health care bill last year, then defended Bush's veto of the bill.5 He's one of the richest people in a Senate filled with millionaires.”
“"4 The Children's Defense Fund rated McCain as the worst senator in Congress for children.”
“He said, "I do not support Roe versus Wade.”


"If you want to support our work, you can now provide: Http://pol.moveon.org/Not is authorized by any candidate or candidate committee."
"It should be overthrown."
He is HotHead. "
"He is unstable."
"A Republican Senator said:" He became the president's idea to devour my spine. "
"But McCain said that McCain's solution is facing a" second job "to get" second work "and skipping their holidays. Many Republican Senants in McCain said that he became a chief commander."
"Related news reports that he and his wife have at least eight houses!"
"He voted for the child's health care bill last year and then defended Bush's veto. 5 He is one of the most rich people in the Senate, full of millions of people."
"4" Children's Defense Fund was rated as the worst senator of McCain as the Children's Conference. "
"He said," I don't support ROE and Wade. "


Number  149
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Satire', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
“We rate the statement True.”
“This makes Clinton’s statement correct.”
“"Gun violence," she wrote, "is by far the leading cause of death for young African-American men, outstripping the next nine causes of death combined."”
“We wondered whether this is correct, so we took a closer look.”
“We found the relevant data on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention website.”
“Using this search form, we collected data on the 10 most common causes of death for African-American men and boys between the ages of 15 and 24, for 2014.”
“Rank Cause of death Number of deaths Number gun-related 1st Homicide 2,416 2,256 2nd Unintentional injuries 1,135 47 3rd Suicide 448 230 4th Heart disease 172 -- 5th Cancer 161 Featured Fact-check Says “Dr.”
“Fauci lied about masks in March 6th HIV 52 7th Chronic lower respiratory diseases 47 8th Congenital anomalies 38 9th Anemia 33 10th Diabetes 33 Total 2nd through 9th place 2 119 So even if you look only at gun related homicides there were 2 256 of those in 2014”
“...compared to 2 119 deaths in the next nine categories combined...”
“If you add in the accidents and suicides related to guns, the gap between gun-related deaths and other types of deaths expands even further.”


"We evaluate the statement."
"This makes the statement of Clinton is correct."
"" The violence of guns, "she wrote," is the main reason for the young African-American death so far, and will be combined with the next nine reasons. ""
"We want to know if this is correct, so we look carefully."
"We found relevant data on the disease control and prevention website."
"Use this search form, we will collect data on the 10 most common causes of the African American male and boys between ages 15 and 24 years old."
"The number of deaths is the first murder case of the gun related to the gun 2,416 2,256 second unintentional injury 1,135 47 3rd suicide 448 230 fourth heart disease 172 - fifth cancer 161 characteristic - check" Dr. "
"Fauci left March 6th, March 6th, the 7th, chronic low respiratory system disease 47, 8th, first-time abnormal, 38, 9th anemia 33, 10th diabetes 33 total 23 to 9th 2 119, So even if you only look at the gun-related murder, only 2 256 people 2014 "
"... Compared with 2 119 deaths of the next nine categories ..."
"If you increase in accidents and suicides associated with firearms, the gap between fire-related deaths and other types of deaths is further expanded."


Number  150
Source test case:  ['Opinion', 'Sensational']
Follow-up test case:  ['Satire', 'Sensational']
The result does not correspond with the MR
----------
The total pass rate is  0.13793103448275862
Correct number is  20
Total number is  145
(base) mayingruideMacBook-Air:script mayingrui$ 
